
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁 Passage 1
Although social learning (the acquisition of specific behaviors by observing other individuals exhibiting those behaviors ) is well documented among fish, few studies have investigated social learning within a developmental context in these taxa. Rather than investigating the development of a particular skill, Chapman, Ward, and Krause investigated the role of group density during development in later foraging success in laboratory-housed guppies. When raised with a small number of conspecifics (members of the same species), guppies were quicker to locate food by following a trained adult guppy than were guppies raised in large groups. This counterintuitive finding is explained by the fact that guppies reared in the high- density condition were less likely to shoal (swim in a group ) with others and, therefore, were less likely to learn the benefits of social learning. Instead, fish reared in high-density situations may learn that conspecifics are to be viewed as competitors, rather than as potential sources of adaptive information. This finding suggests that at least for guppies, the early social environment may have an effect on the capacity for social learning, if not on the socially learned behaviors themselves.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to  A. note a flaw in a scientific finding 
B. describe a particular scientific study 
C. present an interpretation of a finding 
D. note a difference between two scientific findings 
E. contrast two conditions in which a particular phenomenon has been observed
2. Regarding research on fish, it can be inferred from the passage that 
A. research studies of the acquisition of important skills by fish have only recently begun to document the role of conspecifics in the learning process 
B. research on social learning in guppies suggests that guppies differ in important ways from most other fish in the means by which they learn particular skills
C. research on social learning in fish has generally focused on the acquisition of skills other than foraging 
D. research has established that social learning occurs in some fish species without investigating the development context in which it occurs. 
E. research to investigate social learning has been done more extensively on fish than on other aquatic animals.
3. Which of the following can be inferred about the study by Chapman, Ward, and Krause? 
A. It was initially designed to investigate something other than social learning.
B. It required researchers to observe individual guppies at multiple points in their life spans. C. It pointed to the possibility that population density may have little to do with guppies’ social learning. 
D. It required the observation of guppies under conditions that closely mimicked the conditions of guppies in the wild.
E. It indicated that guppies gain adaptive information from being reared with a relatively large number of conspecifics.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
8
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 2
As it was published in 1935, Mules and Men, Zora Neale Hurston's landmark collection of folktales, may not have been the book that its author first had in mind. In this anthropological study, Hurston describes in detail the people who tell the stories, often even inserting herself into the storytelling scene. Evidently, however, Hurston had prepared another version, a manuscript that was recently discovered and published after having been forgotten since 1929. This version differs from Mules and Men in that it simply records stories, with no descriptive or interpretive information.
 
While we cannot know for certain why Hurston’s original manuscript went unpublished during her lifetime, it may have been because publishers wanted something more than a transcription of tales. Contemporary novelist and critic John Edgar Wideman has described Black literature as the history of a writing that sought to escape its frame, in other words, as the effort of Black writers to present the stories of Black people without having to have a mediating voice to explain the stories to a non-Black audience. In this, Hurston may have been ahead of her time.
1. Select the sentence that suggests a possible reason why Hurston wrote the version of Mules and Men that was published in 1935.
2. The passage suggests that Hurston may have done which of the following in preparing her original version? 
A. Discussed her mode of presentation with her publisher before writing the first draft, in order to reduce the possibility of misunderstanding.
B. Shortened her presentation of the stories to the bare minimum in order to be able to present more folklore material. 
C. Put it aside for several decades in order to maximize its potential audience when it was published.
D. Reluctantly agreed to reshape it in order to take out various elements with which her publisher had been dissatisfied. 
E. Chose not to include editorial commentary, in order to present the stories on their own terms.
Passage 3
A decrease in face-to-face social contact can precipitate depression. Time spent using the Internet cannot be spent in face-to-face social contact, so psychologists have speculated that sharply increasing Internet use can cause depression. Studies of regular Internet users have found a significantly higher incidence of depression among those who had recently doubled the amount of time they spent using the Internet than among those whose use had not increased. Hence, the psychologists’ speculation is correct.
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?
A. In general, the reason that the people in the studies had doubled their Internet use was not that they had earlier experienced a significant decrease in opportunities for face-to-face social contact. 
B. A sharp decrease in face-to-face social contact is the only change in daily activity that can lead to an increased incidence of depression. 
C. Using the Internet presents no opportunities for people to increase the amount of face-to- face social contact they experienced in their daily lives. 
D. Regular Internet users who are depressed will experience an immediate improvement in mood if they sharply decrease the amount of time they spend on the Internet. 
E. Before they doubled the time they spent on the Internet, the people who did so were already more prone to depression than are regular Internet users in general.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
9
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 4
African American drama has, until recently, been rooted in the mimetic tradition of modern American naturalism. The most distinctive attribute of this tradition is the mechanistic, materialistic conception of humanity. Naturalism sees each individual as inextricably bound to the environment and depicts each person as someone controlled by, instead of controlling, concrete reality. As long as African American drama maintained naturalism as its dominant mode, it could only express the “plight of African American people”. Its heroes might declare the madness of reality, but reality inevitably triumphed over them.
The surrealistic plays of Adrienne Kennedy mark one of the first departures from naturalism by an African American dramatist. The overall goal of her work has been to depict the world of the soul and the spirit, not to mirror concrete reality. Within this framework, Kennedy has been able to portray African American minds and souls liberated from their connections to the external environment.
1. Which of the following best states the central idea of the passage? 
A. African American drama has been primarily influenced by naturalisms emphasis on the materialistic. 
B. African American drama has traditionally acknowledged the relationship between the individual and the environment. 
C. African American drama, traditionally naturalistic, has been little influenced by dramatist Kennedy’s spiritual and psychological approach to drama. 
D. The work of Kennedy suggests a shift away from a commitment to strict naturalism in African American drama. 
E. The work of Kennedy best exemplifies the current interest of African American artists in the spiritual and psychological worlds.
2. According to the passage, Kennedy is concerned with depicting the A. internal rather than the external life of her characters 
B. madness of reality rather than the effects of reality 
C. effects of materialism on African American minds and souls
D. relationship between naturalism and the human spirit E. effects that her characters have on the environment
3. Which of the following statements, if true, would most strengthen the authors assertion that Kennedy’s work marks a serious departure from the tradition described in the first paragraph?  A. Kennedy places the action in a real-life setting that is nevertheless unfamiliar to the average viewer or reader.
B. Kennedy movingly portrays the lives and struggles of prominent African Americans in the United States. 
C. Kennedy uses characters found only in ancient African legends and mythology.
D. Kennedy provides insights into American mimetic tradition and dramatic convention. 
E. Kennedy depicts the events in a style reminiscent of a television documentary.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
10
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 5
Although many hypotheses have been proposed to explain why some plant communities are more susceptible than others to invasion by nonnative species, results from field studies have been inconsistent and no general theory of invasibility has yet emerged. However, a theory based on fluctuating resource availability could integrate most existing hypotheses and successfully resolve many of the apparently conflicting and ambiguous results of previous studies. The suggested theory is that a plant community becomes more susceptible to invasion whenever there is an increase in the amount of unused resources.
The diversity in the range of resource-release mechanisms could partly explain the absence of consistent ecological correlates of invasibility. In particular, the theory predicts that there will be no necessary relationship between the species diversity of a plant community and its susceptibility to invasion, since near-complete exploitation can each occur in both species-rich and species-poor communities. Though Lonsdale found a positive association between species richness and invasion, this may arise from the tendency of diverse plant communities to be nutrient poor and therefore more responsive to the effects of human-caused influxes of nutrients.
1. The passage is primarily concerned with 
A. assessing the empirical success of a theory 
B. explaining why no consistent theoretical account of a phenomenon has been possible  C. advocating a potential solution to a theoretical impasse 
D. deducing testable predictions from a proposed theory 
E. describing the difficulties involved in explaining certain empirical results
2. It can be inferred that the author would most likely agree with which of the following assessments of the results from field studies 
A. Many of the results contradicted predictions of susceptibility to invasion that are based on the availability of resources unused by the community.
B. If fluctuating resource availability were taken into account, many of the apparent inconsistencies among the results could be explained. 
C. The apparent inconsistencies and ambiguities in the results are caused by trying to make them fit an inadequate general theory of invasibility.
D. No general theory of invasibility has emerged because none of the studies has been able to assess the degree of an invasion accurately. 
E. The results tend to show a degree of susceptibility to invasion that is lower than would be expected given the prevalence in the wild of nonnative species.
3. According to the author, the theory based on fluctuating resource availability might resolve “apparently conflicting and ambiguous results” because 
A. It explains how a particular circumstance can produce disparate effects. 
B. It does not assume that all of the results are instances of the phenomenon that the theory is intended to explain.
C. It predicts that seemingly minor variations in research methodology can have a dramatic effect on results. 
D. Its account is based on a statistical tendency rather than on the supposition that the results arise from a causal connection.
E. It indicates why a similar outcome may be preceded by very different circumstances on different occasions.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
11
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 6
Although some skeptics points to Arctic places such as the high latitudes of Greenland, where temperatures seem to have fallen, a recent scientific report concludes that in recent decades average temperatures have increased faster in the Arctic than elsewhere. Scientists have long suspected that several factors lead to greater temperature swings at Earths polar regions than elsewhere. First, most of the Arctic is covered in snow and ice, which are highly reflective; if snow and ice melt, the exposed soil, which absorbs heat, serves to accelerate warming. Second, the polar atmosphere is thin, so little energy is required to warm it. Third, less solar energy is lost in evaporation at the frigid poles than in the tropics.
1. Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply. 
The passage mentions which of the following as factors that might lead to large temperature swings in Earths polar regions? 
A. the amount of energy lost due to evaporation at the poles 
B. soil exposure due to melting snow 
C. the relatively thin atmosphere at the poles
2. In pointing to the apparent temperature change in the high latitudes of Greenland, the skeptics mentioned in the passage intend to raise as a question whether 
A. Greenland is less likely to experience extreme temperature changes than are other areas of the Arctic.
B. Those more localized temperature drops might indicate an important trend not captured by the upward trend of average Arctic temperatures. 
C. There might be a reversal of the temperature trend in the high latitudes of Greenland.
D. The factors that cause temperature change in the high latitudes of Greenland are different from those that affect the rest of the Arctic. 
E. Greenland has more ice and snow on the ground than do other areas of the Arctic.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
12
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 7
Among many historians a belief persists that Cotton Mather’s biographies of some of the settlers of the Massachusetts Bay Colony (published 1702) are exercises in hagiography, endowing their subjects with saintly piety at the expense of historical accuracy. Yet modern studies have profited both from the breadth of information that Mather provides in, for example, his discussions of colonial medicineand from his critical observations of such leading figures as Governor John Winthrop. Mather’s wry humoras demonstrated by his detailed descriptions of events such as Winthrop’s efforts to prevent wood-stealingis overlooked by those charging Mather with presenting his subjects as extremely pious. The charge also obscures Mather’s concern with the settlers material, not just spiritual, prosperity. Further, this pejorative view underrates the biographies value as chronicles: Mather amassed all sorts of published and unpublished documents as sources, and his selection of key events shows a marked sensitivity to the nature of the colony’s development.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to 
A. argue against a theory universally accepted by historical researchers B. call attention to an unusual approach to documenting a historical era C. summarize research on a specific historical figure 
D. counter a particular view about the work of a biographer 
E. point out subtle differences among controversial historical reports
2. The author of the passage implies that an argument for the historical accuracy of Mather’s works is most strongly supported by which of the following?
A. surviving documents that corroborate Mather’s detailed descriptions of his subjects
B. Mather’s firsthand personal acquaintance with those about whom he wrote
C. Mather’s frank and straightforward accounts of the lives and times of people about whom he had conducted extensive research 
D. Mather’s ability to detail important historical events in the religious context of which they were a part
E. the quantity and nature of the sources from which Mather obtained his information.
3. Information in the passage best supports which of the following statements about Mather’s biographies of the settlers of the Massachusetts Bay Colony?
A. Annals written by Mather and others were censored by later historians, thus detracting from their value as full and accurate accounts of the period.
B. Mather’s description of Governor Winthrop includes all of Winthrop’s shortcomings, such as a tendency toward levity at inappropriate times. 
C. Mather’s descriptions of the Massachusetts Bay colonists were based primarily on firsthand experiences.
D. Many historians believe that Mather’s biographies are poor sources of historical information because biography is an inherently unreliable genre of historical writing. 
E. Mather’s writings reflect an interest in the degree of economic success achieved by early Massachusetts Bay colonists.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
13
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 8
An alarming number of Mediterranean monk seals, an endangered species, have recently died. Postmortem analysis showed the presence of an as yet unidentified virus, as well as evidence of a know bacterial toxin. Seawater samples from the area where the seals died did contain unusually high concentrations of the toxic bacterium. Therefore, although both viruses and bacterial toxins can kill seals, it is more likely that these deaths were the result of the bacterial toxin.
Which of the following, if true, provides additional evidence to support the conclusion? 
A. Viruses are much more difficult to identify in postmortem analysis than bacteria are.
B. Mediterranean monk seals are the only species of seal in the area where the bacterium was found. 
C. The bacterium is almost always present in the water in at least small concentrations.
D. Nearly all the recent deaths were among adult seals, but young seals are far more susceptible to viruses than are adult seals. 
E. Several years ago, a large number of monk seals died in the same area as a result of exposure to a different bacterial toxin.
Passage 9
An Irish newspaper editorial encouraging women to participate in the non-importation movement launched in Ireland in 1779 appears consistent with a perception that the political use of the consumer boycott originated in North America and spread eastwards across the Atlantic to Ireland. This is a view that most historians have concurred with. For example, T.H. Breen argued that the consumer boycott was a brilliantly original American invention. Breen did acknowledge that a few isolated boycotts may have taken place in other countries. However, Mary ODowd argues that from the late seventeenth century, Irish political discourse advocated for the nonconsumption of imported goods and support for home manufactures by women in ways that were strikingly similar to those used later in North America.
1. The passage is primarily concerned with A. resolving a dispute 
B. advocating a course of action 
C. tracing the evolution of a practice
D. citing competing views of an issue E. chronicling a series of events
2. In the context of the passage, the highlighted sentence serves to 
A. qualify a point made in the preceding sentence 
B. correct an erroneous assumption 
C. provide evidence in support of a perception cited in the opening sentence D. provide a rationale for the view expressed in the following sentence
E. establish the popularity of a point of view
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
14
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 10
A law has been proposed requiring the cargo boxes of trucks carrying gravel to be covered by a tarpaulin, because vehicles driving close behind open-topped gravel trucks can be damaged by gravel flying off these trucks. The law is unlikely to substantially reduce such damage, however: flying gravel is much less likely to come from the cargo box itself than from the grooves of the tires, in which gravel can become wedged during loading.
Which of the following, if true, provides the strongest support for the argument given? 
A. The drivers of vehicles behind a gravel truck are more likely to remain close behind the truck if the trucks cargo box is covered than if it is uncovered.
B. Most trucks that carry gravel already carry tarpaulins that their drivers use to cover the cargo box when they are carrying sand, which can blow out of the cargo box in significant quantities. 
C. Of all the damage that occurs to vehicles on the highway, debris that flies off trucks is the cause of only a very small fraction.
D. The proposed law allows open-topped trucks on the highway to have uncovered cargo boxes whenever their cargo boxes are empty. 
E. Because of the great weight of a load of gravel, the driver of a gravel truck is often driving much more slowly than most of the other vehicles on the road.
Passage 11
Before feminist literary criticism emerged in the 1970s, the nineteenth-century United States writer Fanny Fern was regarded by most critics (when considered at all) as a prototype of weepy sentimentalism—a pious, insipid icon of conventional American culture. Feminist reclamations of Fern, by contrast, emphasize her nonsentimental qualities, particularly her sharply humorous social criticism. Most feminist scholars find it difficult to reconcile Fern’s sardonic social critiques with her effusive celebrations of many conventional values. Attempting to resolve this contradiction, Harris concludes that Fern employed flowery rhetoric strategically to disguise her subversive goals beneath apparent conventionality. However, Tompkins proposes an alternative view of sentimentality itself, suggesting that sentimental writing could serve radical, rather than only conservative ends by swaying readers emotionally, moving them to embrace social change.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply. 
1. The passage suggests which of the following about the contradiction mentioned in the highlighted sentence? 
A. It was not generally addressed by critics before the 1970s. 
B. It is apparent in only a small number of Ferns writings. 
C. It has troubled many feminist critics who study Fern.
2. It can be inferred from the passage that Tompkins would be most likely to agree with which of the following about the critics mentioned in the passage?
A. They accurately characterize the overall result Fern is aiming to achieve. 
B. They are not as dismissive of Fern as some feminist critics have suggested.
C. They exaggerate the extent to which Fern intended her writing to serve a social purpose. D. They wrongly assume that sentimental must be a pejorative term. 
E. They fail to recognize the role that sentimental rhetoric plays to reader’s emotions.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
15
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 12
A plant-based automobile fuel has just become available in Ternland. A car can be driven as far on a gallon of the new plant-based fuel as a car can be driven on a gallon of gasoline, but a gallon of the plant-based fuel both costs less and results in less pollution. Therefore, drivers in Ternland who switch to it will reduce the amount they spend on fuel in a year while causing less environmental damage.
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument relies? 
A. There is no expense associated with operating an automobile that is higher when the automobile uses the plant-based fuel than when it uses gasoline. 
B. Automobiles that have been operated using the plant-based fuel can no longer be operated using regular gasoline. 
C. The environmental damage attributable to automobiles is due almost entirely to the production and combustion of fuel automobiles use. 
D. The advantages of the plant-based fuel over gasoline will not lead those who switch to the plant-based fuel to do more driving. 
E. Most drivers in Ternland will switch from gasoline to the plant-based fuel.
Passage 13
Biologists have long debated about whether egg production in birds is biologically highly costly, some theorizing that egg production is energetically or nutritionally demanding. Lack, however, suggested that clutch size—the number of eggs a bird lays per breeding cycle—is far below the potential limit of egg production. He suggested that clutch size had instead evolved in relation to the number of young that the parents could successfully rear. Subsequently, most studies focused on limitations operating during chick rearing, particularly among altricial species (species in which the parents feed their young in the nest). Lack later recognized that in precocial species (species in which young feed themselves), clutch size might be explained by different factors—the availability of food for egg-laying females, for example.
1. The passage suggests that biologists who say egg production in birds is biologically highly costly would agree that clutch size is determined primarily by
A. the nutritional and energy demands of egg production 
B. the number of young that the parents can rear successfully 
C. reproductive limitations operating during chick rearing  D. the availability of food for newly hatched chicks 
E. the differences between altricial and precocial species
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply. 
2. The passage suggests that Lack would agree with which of the following statements about factors affecting clutch size in birds? 
A. In altricial species, clutch size is determined primarily by factors operating after eggs are laid. 
B. In precocial species, clutch size is determined primarily by factors operating after eggs are laid. 
C. In many bird species, clutch size generally remains well below the potential limit of egg production.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
16
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 14
Carla L. Peterson’s Doers of the Word (1997), a study of African American women speakers and writers from 1830-1880, is an important addition to scholarship on nineteenth-century African American women. Its scope resembles that of Frances Smith Fosters 1993 study, but its approach is quite different. For Foster, the Black women who came to literary voice in nineteenth-century America were claiming their rights as United States citizens, denying that anything should disqualify them from full membership in an enlightened national polity. Peterson sees these same women as having been fundamentally estranged from the nation by a dominant culture unsympathetic to Black women, and by a Black intelligentsia whose male view of race concerns left little room for Black female intellect.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply. 
1. The passage indicates that Peterson identifies which of the following as obstacles faced by the women included in her study? 
A. the attitudes of Black male intellectuals toward female intellectual work 
B. the discriminatory attitudes faced by Black women in nineteenth-century America as a whole 
C. disagreements among Black women speakers and writers themselves about the impact of the Black intelligentsia
2. It can be inferred that Peterson’s study and Fosters study are similar with respect to which of the following? 
A. the writers that each takes up for examination 
B. the degree to which each has influenced other scholars
C. the assumptions that each brings to nineteenth-century African American literature  D. their analysis of the nineteenth-century Black intelligentsia 
E. their interpretation of nineteenth-century Americas dominant culture
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
17
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 15
David Belasco’s 1912 Broadway production of The Governors Lady created a sensation with a scene set in a Childs cafeteria, a chain restaurant that was an innovator in food standardization and emblematic of modern everyday life. While Belasco’s meticulously detailed reproduction of an immediately recognizable setting impressed the public, it was derided by progressive theater critics who championed the New Stagecraft theories of European artists like Max Reinhardt. The New Stagecraft rejected theatrical literalism; it drew inspiration from the subjectivity and minimalism of modern painters, advocating simplified sets designed to express a dramatic texts central ideas. Such critics considered Belasco a craftsman who merely captured surface realities: a true artist eliminated the inessential to create more meaningful, expressive stage images.
1. The author of the passage implies which of the following about Belasco’s production of The Governors Lady? 
A. It was dismissed by certain theater critics who misunderstood Belasco’s conception of modernity.
B. It was intended to marshal elements of the New Stagecraft to serve Belasco’s predilection for realistic staging. 
C. It demonstrated that theatrical literalism could be used effectively to express a dramatic texts central ideas.
D. It elicited responses that reflected a discrepancy between popular tastes in entertainment and the tastes of progressive theater critics. 
E. It relied on the appeal of an impressively realistic stage set to compensate for weaknesses in other aspects of the production.
2. It can be inferred that the theater critics would be most likely to agree with which of the following statements about the theatrical productions? 
A. Theatrical productions that seek to eliminate the inessential also often eliminate theatrical elements that enhance the expressiveness of a play.
B. Theatrical productions that faithfully recreate the visual details of everyday life are unlikely to do justice to a good play’s central ideas. 
C. Theatrical productions that employ the minimalism characteristic of modern paintings may have greater appeal to modern audiences than productions that rely on theatrical literalism. D. Theatrical productions that aim to represent truths about modern life should not attempt to employ elements of the New Stagecraft. 
E. Theatrical productions that attempt to produce authentic-looking scenes of everyday reality are likely to fail in that goal because of the theaters inherent limitations.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
18
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 16
Currently, Sulandian television journalists are twice as likely as other workers to support the Blue Party, and Sulandian journalism students are significantly more likely to support the Blue Party than working television journalists are. Therefore, assuming that these students do not change their political affiliations as they get older, the disparity between the political affiliations of Sulandia’s television journalists and those of the rest of the working population will increase as current Sulandian journalism students enter the profession.
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?
A. Few of the television journalists currently working in Sulandia were trained in Sulandian journalism schools. 
B. Journalists in Sulandia whose political affiliations differ from those of the general population tend to allow their political views to affect the way they report news about politics. 
C. Most of the television journalists currently working in Sulandia who support the Blue Party also supported the Blue Party when they were students. 
D. Support for the Blue party is not significantly less common among those current Sulaidan journalism students who intend to become television journalists than it is among current Sulandian journalism students as a whole. 
E. Classes in Sulandian journalism schools are not taught mainly by working Sulandian journalists.
Passage 17
Early naturalists believed two species of beaver lived in North America: dam beavers and bank beavers. The bank species was thought to resemble the muskrat in behavior, living in burrows or lodges and unable to build dams. In fact, dams are primarily a strategy for dealing with annual variations in water levels. If water levels fall in summer, as they do in most of North America, then beavers lodge entrances may be exposed. With stabilized water levels, their homes are much safer. Along deep rivers, where bank beavers are found, this problem seldom arises. But these beavers do know how to build dams, and do so if the need arises, as may occur if they are forced to relocate after felling and consuming all nearby trees.
1. The passage provides support for which of the following statements about beaver dams?  A. One important function of these dams is to protect beavers homes. 
B. Most are built prior to burrow construction.
C. They are found mostly along deep rivers. 
D. They are routinely abandoned as nearby forests are depleted. E. They mainly protect beavers from rising water levels.
2. The passage implies which of the following about beavers? 
A. Bank beavers are unable to successfully compete with dam beavers when resources become scarce. 
B. Differences in dam-building behavior among beavers do not necessarily imply multiple beaver species. 
C. Building dams eventually causes beavers to deplete nearby resources. 
D. When conditions permit, beavers are more likely to build dams than burrows or lodges.  E. In beavers, dam-building is an acquired rather than an innate skill.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
19
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 18
Massive projectiles striking much larger bodies create various kinds of craters, including multi-ring basins–the largest geologic features observed on planets and moons. In such collisions, the impactor is completely destroyed and its material is incorporated into the larger body. Collison’s between bodies of comparable size, on the other hand, have very different consequences: one or both bodies might be entirely smashed, with mass from one or both the bodies redistributed among new objects formed from the fragments. Such a titanic collision between Earth and a Mars-size impactor may have given rise to Earth’s Moon.
 
The Earth-Moon system has always been perplexing. Earth is the only one of the inner planets with a large satellite, the orbit of which is neither in the equatorial plane of Earth nor in the plane in which the other planets lie. The Moon’s mean density is much lower than that of Earth but is about the same as that of Earth’s mantle. This similarity in density has long prompted speculation that the Moon split away from a rapidly rotating Earth, but this idea founders on two observations. In order to spin off the Moon, Earth would have had to rotate so fast that a day would have lasted less than three hours. Science offers no plausible explanation of how it could have slowed to its current rotational rate from that speed. Moreover, the Moon’s composition, though similar to that of Earth’s mantle, is not a precise match. Theorizing a titanic collision eliminates postulating a too-rapidly spinning Earth and accounts for the Moon’s peculiar composition. In a titanic collision model, the bulk of the Moon would have formed from a combination of material from the impactor and Earth’s mantle. Most of the earthly component would have been in the form of melted or vaporized matter. The difficulty in recondensing this vapor in Earth’s orbit, and its subsequent loss to the vacuum of outer space, might account for the observed absence in lunar rocks of certain readily vaporized compounds and elements.
Unusual features of some other planets might also be explained by such impacts. Mercury is known to have a high density in comparison with other rocky planets. A titanic impact could have stripped away a portion of its rocky mantle, leaving behind a metallic core whose density is out of proportion with the original ratio of rock to metal. A massive, glancing blow to Venus might have given it its anomalously slow spin and reversed direction of rotation. Such conjectures are tempting, but, since no early planet was immune to titanic impacts, they could be used indiscriminately to explain away in a cavalier fashion every unusual planetary characteristic; still, we may now be beginning to discern the true role of titanic impacts in planetary history.
1. According to the passage, which of the following is true of the collisions mentioned in the highlighted sentence? 
A. They occur less frequently than do titanic collisions. 
B. They occur between bodies of comparable size.
C. They occur primarily between planet-sized bodies. 
D. They result in the complete destruction of the impacting body. 
E. They result in mass being redistributed among newly formed objects.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
20
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 2. The author of the passage asserts which of the following about titanic collision models? 
A. Such models are conclusive with respect to certain anomalies within the solar system, but leave numerous other anomalies unexplained.
B. Such models are more likely than are earlier models to account for the formation of multi- ring basins. 
C. Such models may be particularly useful in explaining what happens when the impacting bodies involved are of highly dissimilar mean densities.
D. Such models have been tested to such a degree that they are quickly reaching the point where they can be considered definitive. 
E. Such models are so tempting that they run the risk of being used indiscriminately to explain unusual planetary features.
3. The passage suggests that which of the following is true of the cited compounds and elements? 
A. They were created by reactions that took place during a titanic collision.
B. They were supplied by an impactor that collided with Earth.
C. They were once present on the Moon but were subsequently vaporized. D. They are rarely found on planet-size bodies in our solar system. 
E. They are present on Earth but not on the Moon.
4. In the second paragraph, the author is primarily concerned with 
A. arguing in favor of a particular theory about the formation of the Earth-Moon system. 
B. summarizing conventional theories about the formation of the earth-Moon system. 
C. anticipating and responding to criticisms of a particular theory about the formation of the Earth-Moon system. 
D. explaining why the Earth-Moon system is considered scientifically perplexing. 
E. questioning an assumption underlying one theory about the formation of the Earth-Moon system.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
21
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 19
The history of the transmission of ancient Roman texts prior to invention of the printing press is reconstructed from evidence both internal and external to the texts themselves. Internal evidence is used to reconstruct the relationship of the surviving manuscripts of a Roman text to one another, as represented in a modern stemma codicum: a diagram depicting the genealogical relationship of surviving manuscripts and those the stemmas editor believes existed at one time. Stemma are scholar’s only road maps to textual connections based on internal evidence, but they may paint a distorted picture of reality because they diagram the relationships of only those manuscripts known or inferred today. If surviving copies are few, the stemma perforce brings into proximity manuscripts that were widely separated in time and place of origin. Conversely, the stemma can also bestow a semblance of separation on manuscripts written within a few months of one another or even in the same room.
 
One type of external evidence that may shed light on the transmission of Roman texts is the availability of a work in the Middle Ages, when many classical texts were circulated. Too often, though, too much is inferred about a particular works circulation in the Middle Ages from the number of manuscripts surviving today. When a work survives in a single manuscript copy, editors call the manuscript, rather glamorously, the lone survivor–implying that all its (presumably rare) companions were destroyed sometime early in the Middle Ages by pillaging barbarians. It is equally possible that the work survived far into the Middle Ages in numerous copies in monastic libraries but were unnoticed due to lack of interest. The number of extant manuscripts, however few, really does not allow scholars to infer how many ancient Latin manuscripts of a work survived to the ninth, the twelfth, or even the fifteenth century.
 
Quotations from a Roman text by a medieval author are another category of external evidence: but does the appearance of a rare word or grammatical construction—or even a short passage —really indicate a medieval author’s firsthand knowledge of this or that ancient work, or does such usage instead derive from some intermediate source, such as a grammar book or a popular style manual? Medieval authors do quote extensively from ancient authors; while such quotations provide some evidence of the works medieval circulation, as well as define its evolving fortunes and the various uses to which it was put, they may be far less useful in reconstructing the text of an ancient work.
 
Much as scholars want to look for overall patterns and formulate useful generalizations, the transmission of each text is a different story and each manuscripts history is unique. Scholars must be careful not to draw conclusions that go beyond what the evidence can support.
1. The passage is primarily concerned with which of the following? 
A. tracing certain changes in the methods used to study the transmission of ancient Roman texts. 
B. contrasting two types of evidence used in investigating the transmission of ancient Roman texts. 
C. outlining certain difficulties associated with studying the transmission of ancient Roman texts. 
D. advocating the use of one type of evidence about ancient Roman texts over the use of another type. 
E. explaining the development and potential uses and drawbacks of stemma in the study of ancient Roman texts.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
22
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 2. As described in the passage, a stemma is most closely analogous to which of the following?  A. a department store inventory list that excludes some departments 
B. a map from which a large section has been torn off
C. a chronology that includes only major historical events 
D. a family tree in which some generations are not recorded 
E. a government organizational chart from which some agencies are omitted
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply. 
3. In its discussion of external evidence, the passage suggests which of the following about manuscripts of ancient Roman texts during the Middle Ages? 
A. It is possible that fewer manuscripts were destroyed by barbarians in the early Middle Ages than scholars frequently suppose. 
B. Additional copies of some so-called lone survivor manuscripts may have existed well into the Middle Ages. 
C. If an ancient Roman text is quoted in a work by a medieval author, then it is likely that at least one manuscript copy of that text survived into the Middle Ages.
4. Click on the sentence in the first paragraph that suggests that scholars might be led to underestimate the extent of the connection between certain manuscripts.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
23
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 20
In 1995 the Galileo spacecraft captured data about Jupiters atmosphere—namely, the absence of most of the predicted atmospheric water—that challenged prevailing theories about Jupiters structure. The unexpectedness of this finding fits a larger pattern in which theories about planetary composition and dynamics have failed to predict the realities discovered through space exploration. Instead of normal planets whose composition could be predicted by theory, the planets populating our solar system are unique individuals whose chemical and tectonic identities were created through numerous contingent events. One implication of this is that although the universe undoubtedly holds other planetary systems, the duplication of the sequence that produced our solar system and the development of life on Earth is highly unlikely.
 
Recently planetary scientists have suggested that the external preconditions for the development of Earth’s biosphere probably included four paramount contingencies. First, a climate conducive to life on Earth depends upon the extraordinarily narrow orbital parameters that define a continuously habitable zone where water can exist in a liquid state. If Earths orbit were only 5 percent smaller than it is, temperatures during the early stages of Earths history would have been high enough to vaporize the oceans. If the Earth-Sun distance were as little as 1 percent larger, runaway glaciation on Earth about 2 billion years ago would have caused the oceans to freeze and remain frozen to this day. Second, Jupiter’s enormous mass prevents most Sun-bound comets from penetrating the inner solar system. It has been estimated that without this shield, Earth would have experienced bombardment by comet-sized impactors a thousand times more frequently than has actually been recorded during geological time. Even if Earth‘s surface were not actually sterilized by this bombardment, it is unlikely that any but the most primitive life-forms could have survived. This suggests that only planetary systems containing both terrestrial planets like Earth and gas giants like Jupiter might be capable of sustaining complex life-forms.
 
Third, the gravitational shield of the giant outer planets, while highly efficient, must occasionally fail to protect Earth. Paradoxically, while the temperatures required for liquid water exist only in the inner solar system, the key building blocks of life, including water itself, occur primarily beyond the asteroid belt. Thus the evolution of life has depended on a frequency of cometary impacts sufficient to convey water, as well as carbon and nitrogen, from these distant regions of the solar system to Earth while stopping short of an impact magnitude that would destroy the atmosphere and oceans. 
Finally, Earth’s unique and massive satellite, the Moon, plays a crucial role in stabilizing the obliquity of Earth’s rotational axis, this obliquity creates the terrestrial seasonality so important to the evolution and diversity of life. Mars, in contrast, has a wildly oscillating tilt and chaotic seasonality, while Venus, rotating slowly backward, has virtually no seasonality at all.
1. The passage is primarily concerned with 
A. enumerating conditions that may have been necessary for a particular development 
B. outlining the conditions under which scientists may be able to predict certain events 
C. explaining how a particular finding affected scientists understanding of a phenomenon 
D. suggesting reasons why a particular outcome was more likely to occur than other possible outcomes 
E. assessing the relative significance of factors that contributed to a particular occurrence
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
24
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 2. It can be inferred from the passage that the planetary scientists would be most likely to agree with which of the following statements concerning the development of complex life forms on Earth? 
A. It might have occurred earlier in Earths history if cometary impacts had been less frequent than they were.
B. It could have occurred if Earths orbit were 1 percent larger than it is but not if Earths orbit were 5 percent smaller 
C. It probably follows a pattern common on other terrestrial planets that occupy planetary systems containing gas giants.
D. Its dependence on the effect that Jupiters gravitational shield has on Earth was difficult to recognize prior to 1995. 
E. It has been contingent on conditions elsewhere in Earths solar system as well as on conditions on Earth itself.
3. The author of the passage most likely mentions Mars oscillating tilt primarily in order to  A. provide evidence for a proposition about the potential effects of cometary impacts
B. emphasize the absence from our solar system of normal planets 
C. contrast the rotational axis of Mars with that of Venus 
D. characterize the role of other planets in the solar system in earths development  E. emphasize the importance of the Moon to the development of life on Earth
4. The passage suggests each of the following about water on Earth EXCEPT:  A. It was conveyed to Earth by comets. 
B. It appeared on Earth earlier than did carbon and nitrogen. 
C. Its existence in a liquid state is contingent on Earths orbital parameters. 
D. Much of it came from a part of the solar system where water cannot exist in a liquid state. E. It is unlikely that there would be much of it available to support life if the gravitational shield of the outer planets did not limit the frequency with which comets strike Earth.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
25
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 21
Received feminist wisdom has conceived of history as a male enclave devoid of woman subjects and practitioners, particularly before the twentieth century. As Ann For Freedom put it in 1972, from Herodout’s to Will Durant’s histories, the main characters, the main viewpoints and interests, have all been male. Feminist accounts of the 1970s and 1980s viewed historiography (the writing of history) as overwhelmingly his, coining the term herstory and presenting it as a compensatory feminist practice. Herstory designated women’s place at the center of an alternative narrative of past events. Rosalind Miles’s description restates the popular view: Women’s history by contrast has only just begun to invent itself. Males gained entry to the business of recording, defining and interpreting events in the third millennium B.C.; for women, this process did not even begin until the nineteenth century. The herstorical method provided a means for feminist historians to explore materials by and about women that had previously been neglected or ignored. Herstory promoted curricular transformation in schools and was used as a slogan on T-shirts, pencils, and buttons. Exposing historians tacit and intentional sexism, herstorians set out to correct the record–to show that women had held up half the historical sky.
 
Despite the great scholarly gains made behind the rallying cry, herstory’s popular myth– particularly about the lack of women who have recorded history–require revision. Herstory may accurately describe feminists efforts to construct female- centered accounts of the past, but the term inadvertently blinds us to women’s important contributions to historical discourse before the nineteenth century. Historiography has not been an entirely male preserve, though feminists are justified in faulting its long-standing masculine contours. In fact, criticism of historiography’s sexism is not of recent origin. Early eighteenth-century feminist Mary Astell protested that the Men being the Historians, they seldom condescend to record the great and good actions of Women. Astell, like those who echoed her sentiments two and a half centuries later, must be credited for admirable zeal in setting out to right scholarly wrongs, but her supposition that historians were only male is inaccurate. Her perception is especially strange because she herself wrote a historical work, An Impartial Enquiry into the Cause of Rebellion and Civil War (1704). Astell’s judgment is at the same time understandable, given that much historical writing by women of the late seventeenth century was not published until the nineteenth century. Despite their courage and their rightful anger, Astell and her descendants overlooked early modern woman writer’s contributions to historiography.
1. It can be inferred that Rosalind Miles refers to the third millennium B.C. primarily in order to  A. present an overview of what the practice of history once entailed 
B. suggest that the origins of historical study are much earlier than had been previously though
C. suggest why the third millennium B.C. has received so much attention from historians 
D. establish a contrast between men and women in terms of how long they have been recording history
E. indicate how significantly the practice of history has changed since the third millennium B.C.
2. It can be inferred from the passage that the term herstory A. was popular mainly in the nineteenth century 
B. is an old term that feminist put to new uses 
C. is controversial within the feminist community
D. is not especially useful to scholars 
E. was invented to help make a particular point
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
26
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 3. Mary Astell is discussed by the author as an example of an eighteenth-century feminist historian 
A. who was representative of the intellectual interests of the woman historians of her time B. who inspired many practitioners of herstory in the twentieth century 
C. who shared with modern herstorian’s a mistaken assumption regarding the writing of history  D. whose major work aroused much controversy at the time of its publication
E. whose major work still has not received the attention from scholars that it deserves
4. The author implies which of the following about Astell’s supposition? 
A. It is likely to have arisen because of Astell’s unawareness of much of the historical work written by women. 
B. It was one that Astell reconsidered after she wrote her own historical work.
C. It was one that was not shared by other feminist historians of Astell’s time.
D. It was one that inspired Astell to write her own historical work. 
E. It directly contradicts one of the basic claims of herstory.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
27
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 22
Until around 1930 few United States Civil War historians paid much attention to Southerners who opposed the 1861-1865 secession from the United States by a confederacy of Southern states. Southern historians clung instead to a notion of the South’s unanimity in the face of Northern aggression. Only when scholars such as Lonn decided to examine this side of the war did historian of the Confederacy begin to recognize the existence of Southerners loyal to the Union (Unionists). While these early historians of Southern dissent broke new ground, they also reproduced Confederate authoritie’s negative view of loyalists as shady characters driven by dubious motives. Even Tatum, who took a largely sympathetic attitude toward loyalists, tended to lump them into nebulous categories, offering broad generalizations that ignored the particulars of Unionists’ identities and experiences.
 
This early-twentieth-century historiography nonetheless represented the leading research on dissent in the South until the 1960s and 1970s. Spurred by the advent of social historical methods, a new generation of historians found Unionists interesting as manifestations of the Confederacy’s internal weaknesses. Focusing on the Appalachian Mountain and upper South regions of the Confederacy, these scholars argued that there was a profound divide among Southern Whites between those who benefited economically from slave-run plantations and those who did not. One such historian was Escott, who emphasized regional and economic conflict among Southerners. Escott cast Unionists and other dissenters as antiplanter mountaineers who could not, by reason of economic and social alienation, identify with the proslavery Southern cause. This theme has heavily influenced the work of subsequent scholars, who commonly place Unionists at the extreme end of a continuum of class-based Confederate disaffection that was ultimately responsible for the South’s collapse. Because the driving force behind such inquiries into loyalist history has been a desire to explain Confederate ideology, politics, and defeat, emphasis has been placed on the ways loyalist Southerners diverged from the political and economic mainstream of Confederate nationalism.
 
Only recently have some Civil War historians begun to make Unionists and their experiences, rather than the Confederate state, the center of inquiry. These scholars have done intensive community and local studies of dissenting groups that take into account a range of social and cultural, as well as military and political, factors at work on the Southern home front. Hoping to better understand who remained loyal to the Union during the war, these historians have sought to explain the Civil War’s underlying character, dimensions, and impact in particular counties or towns, especially in the upper South and Appalachia. This relatively new trend has stressed the particular, delved into the complexities of political allegiances on the home front, and, as Sutherland notes, highlighted “the gritty experience of real people”.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to 
A. summarize a particular debate among historians 
B. trace the evolution of a particular area of historical study 
C. challenge a common misconception about a particular historical period 
D. identify flaws in a particular approach to the study of a historical subject
E. explain why a particular historical question has received little scholarly attention
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
28
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 2. The passage suggests that “some Civil War historians”(Paragraph 3) would probably agree with which of the following statements about Southern Unionists? 
A. Their economic circumstances were more significant than their social and cultural identities in determining their dissent from the Confederate cause.
B. Their significant to historians lies mainly in what their actions reveal about the mainstream of Confederate nationalism from which they departed 
C. Their political allegiance must be understood in relation to specific local factors that affected their lives during the Civil War period
D. They were more likely to be from areas outside the upper South and Appalachia than were supporter of the Confederate cause 
E. They were more likely to be from economically priviliged groups than were supporters of the Confederate cause.
3. The passage suggests which of the following about histories of the Civil War written before 1930? 
A. Some took a fairly sympathetic view of Southern Unionists. 
B. Interest in these histories has been revived by the work of recent historians
C. Most offered little analysis of the lives and motives of Southern Unionists.
D. Many tended to group Southern Unionists into broad categories that obscured their differences.
E. Few accepted the idea that the South was politically unified during the Civil War.
4. Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence? 
A. It challenges a common misconception about the motives driving an influential group of Civil War historians.
B. It describes a major contribution of the Civil War historians of the 1960s and 1970s that inspired the next generation of scholars. 
C. It calls attention to aspects of the Confederate cause that were alienating to those Southerners who remained loyal to the Union.
D. It identifies a tendency in Civil War scholarship that more recent scholarship has moved away from. 
E. It explains how ideological and political aspects of the Confederacy loyalist Southerners to reject the Confederate cause.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
29
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 23
In his recent book, Louis Gerteis argues that nineteenth-century Northern reformers in the United States attacked slavery in the South by invoking the values of a utilitarian political economy: proper public policy requires government to endorse anything that gives all people the opportunity to maximize their individual pleasure and their material gain. Social good, according to this thinking, is achieved when individuals are free to pursue their self-interests. Gerteis argues that, since slavery in the South precluded individual autonomy and the free pursuit of material gain, major Northern reformers opposed it as early as the 1830s.
 
In making this argument, Gerteis offers the most persuasive formulation to date of the Growth of a Dissenting Minority interpretation, which argues that a slow but steady evolution of a broad-based Northern antislavery coalition culminated in the presidential victory of the antislavery Lincoln in 1860. This interpretive framework, which once dominated antislavery historiography, had been
discounted by historians for two basic reasons. First, it tended to homogenize the political diversity of Northern reformers; Northern reformers differed significantly among themselves and belonged to diverse political parties. Second, it seemed incompatible with emerging scholarship on the slaveholding South, which held that Northern abolitionists of the 1830s did not succeed in mobilizing Northern public opinion and paving the way for Lincoln in 1860. Instead, Southern slaveholders misconstrued abolitionist views of the 1830s as main- stream rather than marginal Northern public opinion, and castigated Northerners generally for opposing slavery. In this view, it was the castigation by Southerners that gradually caused widespread antislavery feeling throughout the North.
Gerteis revives the Growth interpretation by asserting that, rather than Southern attitudes, the unified commitment of Northern reformers to utilitarian values served to galvanize popular political support for abolitionism. However, unlike earlier proponents of the Growth interpretation, Gerteis does not reduce the Northern reformers to a homogeneous group or try to argue that the reformers shared views undermined their differing party loyalties. Members of the two major political parties still attacked each other for ideological differences. Nevertheless, Gerteis argues, these disparate party affiliations did not diminish the actuality of reformer unity, most prominent in the 1830s. At this time, Northern reformers, such as William Lloyd Garrison and Samuel Chase, portrayed the framers of the United States Constitution as proponents of individual autonomy and capitalist values. This vision of the founders served as a basis for asserting that freedom was a national moral imperative, and that the United Sates Constitution was an antislavery document. Gerteis differs from traditional adherents of the Growth framework by asserting that the basic elements in the antislavery coalition were firmly in place and accepted by all elements in the Northern reform community as early as the late 1830s.
1. The passage is primarily concerned with 
A. criticizing adherents of a traditional view for overlooking important data B. reconciling two different explanations for the same phenomenon 
C. describing a reformulation of a traditional interpretation 
D. advocating a traditional approach to a controversial subject 
E. suggesting that a new interpretation is based on faulty assumptions
2. The author would be most likely to agree with which of the following about Gerteis formulation of the Growth interpretation? 
A. It is too similar to the traditional version of the Growth interpretation. 
B. It is of dubious validity and does not expand research on the antislavery movement. C. It is strongly supported by recent research on the nineteenth-century South.
D. It is more convincing than the traditional version of the Growth interpretation.  E. It is seminal work that will be highly influential on future research.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
30
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 3. The passage supports which of the following statements about the Growth interpretation?  A. It had been dismissed by earlier historians but has recently come to dominate antislavery historiography.
B. It has recently received support from emerging scholarship on the nineteenth-century South. 
C. It was once very influential in antislavery historiography and has recently been reformulated.
D. It has always been highly controversial and is still widely debated by historians. 
E. It has recently been discounted by emerging scholarship on utilitarian values in the nineteenth-century South.
4. Which of the following, if true, would provide the LEAST support for Gerteis arguments as they are discussed in the passage? 
A. In the 1870s, following the abolition of slavery, many Northerners remained unified in their desire to see an effective free-labor system implemented in the South.
B. As early as the 1830s, Northern abolitionists and Northern reformers with a commitment to utilitarian values began to agree that the United States Constitution was an important antislavery document. 
C. Many Northern reformers who disagreed about political policies argued that abolishing slavery should be a central goal of the United States government.
D. As early as 1836, many Northern reformers argued that slavery destroyed individuals ability to pursue their self-interests and thwarted the free pursuit of material gain.
E. Owing to their different party allegiances, Northern reformers who shared utilitarian values did not join together in important collective actions against slavery.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
31
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 24
Historian E.H Carr’s thesis that all debates concerning the explanation of historical phenomena revolve around the question of the priority of causes is so familiar to historians as to constitute orthodoxy within their profession. The true historian,as Carr puts it, will feel a professional obligation to place the multiple causes of a historical event in a hierarchy by means of which the primary or ultimate cause of the event can be identified. In the Marxist mode of historical explanation (historical materialism), a universal hierarchy of causes is posited in which economic factors are always primary. In the classic, more widely accepted alternative ultimately derived from Weberian sociology, hierarchies of causes are treated as historically specific: explanatory primacy in any particular historical situation must be established by empirical investigation of that situation, not by applying a universal model of historical causation.
While the need to rank historical causes in some order of importance may seem obvious to most historians, such hierarchies raise serious philosophical difficulties. If any historical event is the product of a number of factors, then each of these factor is indispensable to the occurrence of the event. But how can one cause be more indispensable than another? And if it cannot, how can there be a hierarchy of indispensable causes? It was this problem that first led Weber himself to argue for the impossibility of any general formula specifying the relative importance of causes; we cannot, for example, conclude that in every capitalist society religious change has been more significant than economic change (or vice versa) in explaining the rise of capitalism.
 
Runciman offers a different argument leading to the same conclusion. He points out that it is possible to identify specific factors as the primary causes of a particular historical event only relative to an initial set of background conditions. For instance, if we accept English defeats after 1369 in the Hundred Years War as a given, then we may identify the high levels of taxation necessitated by these military reverses as the main cause of the Peasants Revolt of 1381. If instead we regard the financing of warfare by taxation in this period as a background condition, then we will see the English reverses themselves as the main cause of the revolt. However, neither ordinary life nor historical practice offer reliable criteria by which to distinguish causes from background conditions and thus to resolve historical debates about the relative importance of causes. And this difficulty casts doubt not only on the Marxist effort to identify a universal hierarchy of causes, but also on any attempt to identify an objective hierarchy of causes–even of the historically specific kind favored by non-Marxists.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to 
A. compare two prominent models of historical explanation 
B. undermine non-Marxist objections to the historical-materialist explanatory model of historical causation 
C. analyze ways in which the question of historical causation can be illuminated by Weberian sociology 
D. challenge an orthodox position concerning historical explanation 
E. argue that historical analysis should rely more on empirical investigation than on philosophical reflection
2. According to the passage, most historians share the assumption that 
A. The most useful current model of historical causation is the historical-materialist model.  B. Explaining a historical event requires ranking its causes by importance. 
C. The same hierarchy of causes underlies every historical event. 
D. Philosophical debates have limited utility for historical practice. 
E. Different causes of the same historical event sometimes have the same importance.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
32
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 3. In the second paragraph of the passage, the author uses the concept of an indispensable cause primarily in order to question which of the following claims? 
A. Generalizations about the origins of capitalist societies are defensible.
B. The study of history is largely independent of philosophical concerns.
C. A universal model of historical causation is indefensible. 
D. A historical event is caused by many factors. 
E. A hierarchy of the causes of a historical event can be determined.
4. Which of the following best describes the organization of the passage? A. An assumption is identified and called into question. 
B. Opposing views are compared, contrasted, and shown to be compatible. C. An argument is advanced, criticized, and then revised.
D. A theory is shown to be superior to its chief rival. 
E. Similar arguments are shown to lead to different conclusions.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
33
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 25
Modern feminism has brought the reputation of the English writer Mary Wollstonecraft (1759-1797) to something approaching the luster it deserves. While she enjoyed a certain celebrity among political radicals in the years just after her death, beginning in the nineteenth century her fame as a writer was hidden by disproportionate attention to her unconventional and, at the time, shocking personal life. When, therefore, Virginia Woolf wrote in 1925 of Wollstonecraft’s A Vindication of the Rights of Men and A Vindication of the Rights of Woman that they felt like books so true that they seem now to contain nothing new in them, it was more a wishful than an accurate statement of the case. Wollstonecraft’s advances in moral thinking still have the power to shock position-takers of every party. The importance of gender even today is said to cut across other criteria for judging the conduct of men and women in society; Wollstonecraft, by contrast, believed that the shared morality of men and women should cut across all specifications of gender.
 
Wollstonecraft considered gender-based morality a relic of a barbarous age: part of that specialization of virtues by which every sexual feeling was expected to express itself as libertinism (in men) or false modesty (in women). In her view, there ought to be one criterion of morals for men and women alike, with both sexes cultivating the same virtues. Wollstonecraft rebelled against the copious sentimental literature of her own time, which she felt patronized women by insisting that it was to their advantage to affect chastity and modesty and that such virtues were their own reward.
 
In The Rights of Men, Wollstonecraft explores this double Bulosan standard from an unexpected angle. It was the first major response to Edmund Burke’s Reflections on the Revolution in France (1790), appearing less than a month after theimpassioned defense of the deposed French monarchy. A defender of Burke called Wollstonecraft’s book an incoherent mass of treacherous candour, interested generosity, and, if not false, at least unnecessary accusation. But Wollstonecraft nonetheless managed to show how the traditionally feminine virtues of sentimental morality had been transferred by Burke to the aristocracy. Burke’s rhapsody on the queen of France (glittering like the morning star, full of life, and splendor, and joy) was, for Wollstonecraft, an example of the argument that beauty and instinct must often prevail over reason, the argument on which Burke took his stand as a defender of the old order. Like women, Burke thought, and from a similar greatness and delicacy in their nature, the aristocracy were understood at once to require deference and to solicit compassion. To Wollstonecraft, Burke’s argument linked sympathy and power in a dangerous alliance; she insisted that aristocrats do not deserve to be treated in the way that women have traditionally been treated any more than women themselves do.
1. By quoting Burke’s defender in the highlighted phrase, the author of the passage most clearly succeeds in 
A. providing a context for the political turbulence that unseated the French monarchy
B. emphasizing the way in which Wollstonecraft’s philosophy divided men and women 
C. explaining why Wollstonecraft’s work has won more acceptance in the twentieth century than in the nineteenth
D. illustrating the nature of the appeal of Burkes argument 
E. demonstrating the degree of hostility aroused by Wollstonecraft’s work
2. The author of the passage quotes Burke’s description of the queen of France most probably in order to 
A. provide a specific illustration of a position with which Wollstonecraft took issue
B. provide a specific example of Burke’s already archaic prose style 
C. balance the quotation from Burkes anonymous defender 
D. provide evidence of why Burkes position was more widely accepted than Wollstonecraft’s  E. provide an example of what Wollstonecraft perceived as Burke’s lack of political astuteness
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
34
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 3. The passage suggests that which of the following is true concerning Virginia Woolf’s appraisal of A Vindication of the Rights of Men and A Vindication of the Rights of Woman? 
A. Woolf was defending Wollstonecraft’s theories against attacks by nineteenth—century critics who concentrated only on Wollstonecraft’s notoriety.
B. Woolf favored the advances proposed by Wollstonecraft and mistakenly assumed that they had become self-evident in the twentieth century. 
C. Woolf miscalculated the practical effects that the advances proposed by Wollstonecraft would have on society.
D. Woolf decried the loss in the twentieth-century of social progress made in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. 
E. Woolf was reacting against what she considered a lack of originality on Wollstonecraft’s part while calling for more sweeping changes than Wollstonecraft had proposed.
4. The author of the passage suggests that modern feminism has treated the writings of Mary Wollstonecraft in which of the following ways? 
A. Modern feminism has emphasized the progressive aspects of Wollstonecraft’s writings, while separating her work from her personal reputation.
B. Modern feminism has emphasized Wollstonecraft’s importance as a theorist, while deemphasizing her effect on the daily life of her times. 
C. Modern feminism has worked toward a synthesis of Wollstonecraft’s philosophical advances with those of her contemporaries.
D. Modern feminism has embraced Wollstonecraft’s relative importance as a theorist, while rejecting certain elements of her theories of gender-based morality.
E. Modern feminism has equated Wollstonecraft’s ideas about the popular sentimentalization of women with her view of monarchist systems of government.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
35
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 26
Cuts that need to be held closed in order to heal properly have generally been held closed with stitches. However, pressure to reduce medical costs is mounting. Consequently, it is likely that a newly developed adhesive will become the routine method of holding most types of cuts closed. The new adhesive holds most types of cuts closed as well as stitches do, and the cost of applying it is comparable to that of closing cuts with stitches. But whereas stitches must generally be removed by medical personnel after the cut has healed, the adhesive simply wears off. Thus, for any cut that the adhesive can hold closed as well as stitches can, it is more economical to use the adhesive.
In the argument given, the two highlighted portions play which of the following roles? 
A. The first is a claim that the argument disputes; the second provides evidence against that disputed claim.
B. The first is a claim that is used as supporting evidence for the main conclusion of the argument; the second is that main conclusion. 
C. The first is a claim that is used as supporting evidence for the main conclusion of the argument; the second is a conclusion that is drawn in order to support that main conclusion. D. The first introduces a practice about which the argument makes a prediction, the second is a conclusion based on that prediction. 
E. The first introduces a practice about which the argument makes a prediction; the second is an assessment that is used to support that prediction.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
36
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 27
Based on evidence from tree rings, pollen samples and other records, scientists have for a long time assumed that interglacials—warm interludes between ice ages—were as mild and uniform as the Holocene, the present interglacial, has been for all of its 8,000 to 10,000 years. But new research in Greenland has put this assumption into question.
Researchers on two teams, the Greenland Ice-Core Project (GRIP) and the Greenland Ice Sheet Project 2 (GISP2), have analyzed two different cylinders of ice, each about two miles in depth, pulled up from the Greenland ice sheet. Such ice cores trap gases, bits of dust, and other chemicals that were present in the snow that fell over Greenland for thousands of years and then became compressed into ice. By studying these components, scientists have obtained a detailed archive of many aspects of climate, including air temperatures, snowfall, and concentrations of greenhouses gases in the atmosphere.
Findings from the upper sections of the cores have confirmed what scientists already knew climate during the last ice age fluctuated rapidly. But scientists were astonished by findings from the lower sections of the GRIP core, which provided a close look at an interglacial period other than our own, the Eemian interglacial, a period that lasted from 135,000 to 115,000 years ago. Data from GRIP seem to indicate that the Eemian climate swung at least as wildly as the climate of ice age periods.
Researchers’ clues to the Eemian climate come from measurements of the ratios of two slightly different types of oxygen, isotopes oxygen-16 and oxygen-18, preserved in the GRIP core. These ratios register the fluctuations of air temperatures over the seasons and years. When the air was warm, vapor containing the heavier isotope, oxygen-18, condensed and formed precipitation, in the form of snow, more readily than did vapor containing oxygen-16. Thus, snow that fell during warmer periods contains proportionally more oxygen-18 than snow deposited during cold spells. Evidence of rapid climate shifts was also drawn from other sources, such as measurements of amounts of dust and calcium ions in the ice layers during cold periods: winds were strong, causing calcium-rich dust from loess deposits, which are composed of loose surface sediment, to blow across the ice sheet. Thus, differing amounts of dust in the layers also indicate changing climatic conditions.
However, finds from the lower section of GISP 2 do not confirm those of GRIP. The wild climate swings shown by GRIP in the last interglacial are not seen in the GISP2 core. According to a GISP 2 scientist, the weight of flowing glacial ice above has stressed the lower sections of both cores. This may have deformed the lower ice, disrupting its annual layers and thereby causing the discrepancy between the records. Still, some climatologists believe GRIP’s record may be the more reliable of the two. It was drilled closer to a location called the ice divide, where stresses would have been lower, they say.
1. The passage is primarily concerned with 
A. refuting certain scientific theories about Earth’s climatic history 
B. outlining new findings concerning Earth’s climate during ice ages 
C. discussing new research that may challenge a long-held scientific assumption about Earth’s climatic history 
D. describing the climatic changes that occurred when Earth moved from an ice age into an interglacial period 
E. reconciling conflicting evidence concerning climatic changes.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
37
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 2. Which of the following describes research that is most clearly analogous to the testing done by GRIP scientists?
A. Scientists studying the formation of the Sahara desert measure the rate of topsoil erosion in the region 
B. Scientists seeking to determine the age of a particular fossil measure the percentage of its carbon atoms that have decayed
C. Scientists researching vision in flies measure and compare the amounts of vitamin A found in the retinas of several fly species. 
D. Scientists investigating the development of life on Earth measure and compare the amount of oxygen used by various organisms along the evolutionary scale.
E. Scientists plotting the fluctuations in rainfall in the early rain forests measure the presence of certain gases trapped in tree rings of older trees.
3. According to the passage, which of the following is the most accurate statement of what scientists believed, prior to the GRIP findings, about Earth’s climate? 
A. Over the course of Earth’s history, interglacials have become progressively milder 
B. Earth’s overall climate has been generally mild since the planet’s formation
C. During both interglacials and ice ages, Earth’s climate has fluctuated violently. 
D. During ice ages, Earth’s climate has been highly variable, whereas during interglacials it has been mild and stable. 
E. During interglacials, Earth’s climate has been highly variable, whereas during ice ages it has been uniformly cold and icy.
4. The passage suggests that which of the following is most likely to have been true of the oxygen-16 and oxygen-18 isotopes found in the lower sections of the GRIP core? 
A. There was significantly more isotope oxygen-18 than isotope oxygen-16 in the ice layers. B. There was significantly more isotope oxygen-16 than isotope oxygen-18 in the ice layers. C. Ratios of isotopes oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 varied in the ice layers.
D. Layers containing isotope oxygen-18 placed stress on the layers containing isotope oxygen-16, possibly distorting them. 
E. Isotope oxygen-16, being lighter, was located mainly in the upper layers, whereas oxygen-18 had settled into the lower layers.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
38
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 28
Early life insurers in the United States found themselves facing the problem of obtaining reliable information, as they needed to rely on applicants themselves to provide truthful, complete answers to a standard set of questions. In an attempt to personalize the relationship between insurers and their individual applicants, firms selected highly respected local citizens to act as their agents. These agents were expected to evaluate the appearance of candidates, unearth evidence of unhealthy family histories or questionable habits, and attest to the respectability of the people writing testimonial letters on an applicant's behalf, In short, the initial purpose of the agency system was not to actively solicit customers, but, rather, to recreate the glass-bowl mentality associated with small towns or city neighborhoods.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to 
A. explain the original function of life insurance agents 
B. evaluate the effectiveness of early life insurance agents 
C. describe how life insurance was first introduced 
D. illustrate how the life insurance agency system changed over time 
E. compare the strategies used by life insurance in cities and in small towns
2. The author suggests which of the following about “city neighborhoods”? 
A. They were places where family histories were difficult to establish. 
B. They were places where unhealthy behaviors had been successfully addressed. 
C. They were locations that were well suited for recruiting insurance agents. 
D. They offered a high degree of transparency about a resident's personal history and character.
E. They offered potentially fruitful markets for the life insurance industry.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
39
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 29
For years, the leading theory for what caused the Younger Dryas (a dramatic reversal, about 12,900 years ago, in a global warming trend) was a release of water from Glacial Lake Agassiz. The theory posited that this meltwater flooded into the North Atlantic, lowering the salinity and intensity of surface waters enough to prevent them from sinking. Ocean currents were changed in such a way that northward transport of heat in the ocean diminished, and the North Atlantic regions plunged back into near-glacial conditions. However, evidence has emerged that the Younger Dryas began long before freshwater flooded the North Atlantic. Additionally, the temperature changes induced by a shutdown in the North Atlantic heat conveyor system are too small to explain the Younger Dryas.
1. The author of the passage implies which of the following about the release of water from glacial Lake Agassiz? 
A. The notion that the release occurred has been challenged by more recent findings. 
B. The release probably occurred much earlier than scientists have generally assumed.
C. The release would not have been sufficient to cause any temperature change in the North Atlantic. 
D. The timing of the release is such that it probably did not trigger the onset of the Younger Dryas. E. The release was probably unrelated to the global warming trend that was taking place.
2. The passage is primarily concerned with 
A. presenting evidence that undermines an explanation B. explaining the nature of a climatological phenomenon C. questioning the timing of a particular event 
D. discussing a new explanation for a phenomenon 
E. suggesting revisions to a popular theory
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
40
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 30
One reason researchers have long believed that Mars never enjoyed an extensive period of warm and wet climate is that much of the surface not covered by wind-borne dust appear to be composed of unweathered material. If water flowed for an extended period, researchers reasoned, it should have altered and weathered the volcanic minerals, creating clays or other oxidized, hydrated phases (minerals that incorporate water molecules in their crystal structure) .
It turns out, though, that the scientists were not looking closely enough. New high-resolution mapping data and close-up surface studies have revealed clays and other hydrated minerals in many regions. The clay deposits are scattered all over, in ancient volcanic surfaces and heavily cratered highland regions, some of which have apparently been exposed by erosion only recently.
1. According to the passage, scientists are able to discover weathered material on the Martian surface because they have benefited from which of the following? 
A. a new method to analyze volcanic craters created on the Martian surface. 
B. an improved ability to detect hydrated materials on the Martian surface
C. a more sophisticated understanding of the effect of wind-borne dust on the Martian surface D. a decision to look for water primarily in heavily cratered highland regions. 
E. a better understanding of how erosion might affect clay deposits.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. It can be inferred from the passage that the author would agree with which of the following statements regarding the reasoning discussed in the highlighted sentence? 
A. It provides the basis for an explanation of why water on Mars has been difficult to find until recently.
B. It correctly identifies a consequence of water flowing on the Martian surface. 
C. It depends on a false assumption about how water and volcanic materials interact on Mars.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
41
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 31
Scientific consensus is that humans first began to have a warming effect on Earth’s climate within the past century, after coal-burning factories, power plants, and motor vehicles began releasing carbon dioxide (CO2) and other greenhouse gases in significant quantities into the air. However, evidence suggests that human agricultural activities may have had such an effect much earlier: concentrations of CO2 started rising about 8000 years ago, even though natural trends indicate they should have been dropping; methane levels rose similarly about 3,000 years later. Without these rises, however, current temperatures in northern parts of North America and Europe would be cooler by three to four degrees Celsius-enough to inhibit agriculture-and an ice age would probably have begun several thousand years ago in northeastern Canada.
1. Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence? 
A. It undermines the assumption that human activity has had a significant impact on Earth’s climate 
B. It supports the assumption that Earth’s temperatures have risen appreciably over the past 100 years 
C. It questions the assumption that greenhouse gases have had a warming effect on Earth's climate
D. It challenges the assumption that human activity began to affect Earth’s climate after the advent of industrialization 
E. It supports the assumption that greenhouse gases are a direct by-product of industrial activities
2. The author mentions “natural trends” most likely in order to 
A. propose a possible explanation for why current temperatures in North America and Europe are not as low as they might otherwise be 
B. explain why levels of methane in Earth's atmosphere began to rise approximately 5,000 years ago 
C. suggest that Earth’s climate would have become even warmer without the advent of human agricultural activities 
D. identify factors that may have contributed to the rise of greenhouse gases in Earth’s atmosphere approximately 8,000 years ago and again some 3,000 years later 
E. support the claim that human activity may have played a role in the rise in CO2 and methane levels in the atmosphere thousands of years ago
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
42
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 32
Princessfish are a species of coral-reef fish that are captured alive by divers who first stun the individual fish by squirting a certain poison at them. Since the divers limit their catch to a few individuals and take care not to overfish, the divers’ continuing activities will clearly not result in serious harm to populations of princessfish.
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weaken the argument given? 
A. Princessfish cannot be captured alive by traditional methods of fishing. 
B. The poison used to stun the princessfish has no effect on humans who eat them. 
C. Demand for princessfish has remained steady during the last decade. 
D. Traces of the poison that remain in the seawater damage the Corals that create and maintain the reefs on which princessfish depend. 
E. Fish that have been stunned but have selected for capture by the divers soon recover from the temporary effect of the poison.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
43
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 33
A primary value in early twentieth-century Modernist architectural theory was that of “truth to materials”, that is, it was essential that a building’s design express the “natural” character of the building materials. This emphasis would have puzzled the architects of the Italian Renaissance (sixteenth century), a period widely regarded as the apex of architectural achievement, for Renaissance architects’ designs were determined only minimally by the materials employed. The diversity of Italy’s natural resources provided Renaissance architects with a wide variety of building materials. The builders of the Pitti Palace (1558-1570) used great blocks of Tuscan stone, just as Etruscans living in the same part of Italy had done some twenty centuries earlier. Had the Florentine Renaissance builders aped the Etruscan style, it might be said that their materials determined their style, since Etruscan style matched the massive, stark, solid character of the stone. But these same materials, which so suited the massive Etruscan style, were effectively used by the Florentine Renaissance to create the most delicate and graceful of styles.
A similar example of identical materials used in contrasting styles characterizes the treatment of Roman travertine marble. When Baroque architects of seventeenth-century Rome desired a massive and solid monumental effect, they turned to travertine marble, whose “natural effect” is, indeed, that of spacious breadth and lofty, smoothly rounded surfaces. Yet during the Renaissance, this same material had been used against its “nature,” in the Florentine tradition of sharply carved detail. Italian Renaissance architecture was shaped less by the “nature” of the materials at hand than by the artistic milieu of Renaissance Italy, which included painting and sculpture as well as architecture. While Roman travertine marble may have lent itself to fine carving, the Florentine passion for fine detail is no less marked in Florentine Renaissance painting than in Florentine Renaissance architecture. Similarly, in the next century, the emphasis on shading and corporeal density in Baroque painting mirrored the use of Roman travertine marble in Baroque architecture to create broad shadow and powerful masses.
The ingenuity of Renaissance architects extended beyond merely using a material in a way not suggested by its outward natural appearance. If they conceived a design that called for a certain material either too expensive or difficult to work with, they made no scruple about imitating that material. Their marbles and their stones are often actually painted stucco. When the blocks of masonry with which they built were not in scale with the projected scheme, the real joints were concealed and false ones introduced. Nor were these practices confined, as some scholars insist, to the later and supposedly decadent phases of the art. Material, then, was utterly subservient to style.
1. The passage is primarily concerned with 
A. explaining the differences in quality among different kinds of building materials 
B. discussing the differences among Etruscan, Florentine Renaissance, and Roman Baroque architecture 
C. describing how different materials influenced architecture in different cities 
D. describing the manner in which Renaissance architects often resorted to artificial materials and illusionistic effects 
E. demonstrating the attitude of sixteenth- and seventeenth-century Italian architects toward the use of building materials
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
44
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 2. It can be inferred from the passage that the author believes that which of the following is true of painting and architecture of the Baroque era? 
A. Both emphasize the “natural” use of materials. 
B. Both are derived from the Florentine Renaissance style.
C. Both have been overlooked by twentieth-century Modernists. D. They have certain visual features in common. 
E. They illustrate the degeneration of a style.
3. The author’s mention of Florentine Renaissance painting serves in the context of the passage to support which of the following assertions? 
A. The constraints that operate in architecture are different from those that operate in painting  B. Florentine architectural style was not determined by the nature of the available marble.
C. The Florentine Renaissance period was a period in which the other arts achieved the same distinction as did architecture. 
D. Technical advances in all of the arts of the Florentine Renaissance determined the stylistic qualities of those arts.
E. Native preferences of style do not manifest themselves in the same ways in different arts.
4. The passage suggests which of the following about the cited “scholars”? 
A. They believe that a decadent phase is characteristic of any significant artistic movement.  B. They reject the popular view of the Renaissance as the apex of architectural achievement.  C. They believe that a vigorous and healthy architecture would not usually employ false surfaces or imitation building materials. 
D. They represent the mainstream in critical and historical thought about the Florentine Renaissance. 
E. They have focused on such technical matters as the cost of building materials rather than on artistic concerns.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
45
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 34
Archaeologists studying Bonito phase (ca. A.D. 900-1140) Native American ceramics from Chaco Canyon, New Mexico, observed that many pots had been altered after firing to revise their decorative designs--usually, intricate geometric patterns painted in black on white slipped surfaces. In some cases, a new design was imposed over an earlier one; less often, the original design was simply covered with white slip. Crown and Wills doubt that the alterations were made to correct design errors. Many Chaco pots with design errors were left unaltered. Furthermore, when errors were corrected, revisions were made prior to firing—either by painting directly over the error or by scraping off designs and applying new slip and paint, which is a less time-consuming method than repainting and refiring flawed pots.
1. The author of the passage mentions Crown and Wills primarily in order to 
A. Distinguish among different factors that might have caused Chaco potters to alter their pots’ decorative designs. 
B. Introduce new evidence related to the question of why Chaco potters altered their pots’ decorative designs. 
C. Show how one potential explanation for the alteration of Chaco pots has been discounted. D. Present a hypothesis about why Chaco pots were altered to revise their decorative designs. E. Explain how archaeologists discerned the method by which Chaco pots were originally decorated.
2. According to the passage, which of the following is true of Bonito phase Chaco pots? A. Relatively few of them have original designs concealed beneath white surfaces. 
B. Relatively few of them were altered after firing. 
C. Many of their alterations increased the intricacy of their painted designs.
D. Many of them have some flaw in their shape or structure. E. Many of them were altered more than once.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
46
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 35
Architectural morphology is the study of how shifting cultural and environmental conditions produce changes in an architectural form. When applied to the mission churches of New Mexico exemplifying seventeenth- and eighteenth-century Spanish colonial architecture in what is now the southwestern United States, architectural morphology reveals much about how Native American culture transformed the traditional European church architecture of the Spanish missionaries who hoped to convert Native Americans to Christianity.
Many studies of these mission churches have carefully documented the history and design of their unique architectural form, most attribute the churches’ radical departure from their sixteenth-century European predecessors to local climate and a less-mechanized building technology. Certainly, the limitations imposed by manual labor and the locally available materials of mud-brick and timber necessitated a divergence from the original European church model. However, the emergence of a church form suited to life in the Southwest was rooted in something more fundamental than material and technique. The new architecture resulted from cultural forces in both the Spanish colonial and indigenous Native American societies, each with competing ideas about form and space and different ways of conveying these ideas symbolically.
For example, the mission churches share certain spatial qualities with the indigenous kiva,a round, partly subterranean room used by many Southwest Native American communities for important rituals. Like the kiva it was intended to replace, the typical mission church had thick walls of adobe (sun-dried earth and straw), a beaten-earth floor, and one or two small windows. In deference to European custom, the ceilings of these churches were higher than those of the traditional kiva. However, with the limited lighting afforded by their few small windows, these churches still suggest the kiva's characteristically low, boxlike, earth-hugging interior. Thus, although pragmatic factors of construction may have contributed to the shape of the mission churches, as earlier studies suggest, the provision of a sacred space consistent with indigenous traditions may also have been an important consideration in their design.
The continued viability of the kiva itself in Spanish mission settlements has also been underestimated by historians. Freestanding kivas discovered in the ruins of European-style missionary communities have been explained by some historians as examples of “superposition”. Under this theory, Christian domination over indigenous faiths is dramatized by surrounding the kiva with Christian buildings. However, as James Ivey points out, such superposition was unlikely, since historical records indicate that most Spanish missionaries, arriving in the Southwest with little or no military support, wisely adopted a somewhat conciliatory attitude toward the use of the kiva at least initially. This fact, and the careful, solitary placement of the kiva in the center of the mission-complex courtyards, suggests an intention to highlight the importance of the kiva rather than to diminish it.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to 
A. correct some misinterpretations about the development of an architectural form B. compare the traditional church architectures of two different cultures 
C. examine the influence of a religious architectural style on secular buildings 
D. explain the nature of the contrast between two different architectural styles 
E. trace the European roots of an architectural style used in the United Stales
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
47
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 2. The passage suggests that the indicated historians regarded the placement of kivas in the midst of Christian buildings as which of the following? 
A. exemplary of an arrangement of religious buildings typical of a kind of Native American architecture common prior to the arrival of the Spanish
B. largely responsible for the evolution of a distinctive Spanish mission architectural style  C. indicative of the Spanish missionaries’ desire to display an attitude of acceptance toward the kiva 
D. symbolic of the controversy among Spanish missionaries in New Mexico regarding their treatment of the indigenous population 
E. reflective of the Spanish missionary’s desire to diminish the kiva's importance
3. Which of the following, if true, would most strengthen the argument about the Spanish missionaries’ attitude toward the kiva? 
A. The period of most intensive settlement by Spanish missionaries in the Southwest occurred before the period in which the mission churches of New Mexico were built. 
B. There are no traces of kivas in Spanish mission settlements that were protected by a large military presence. 
C. Little of the secular Spanish colonial architecture of the Southwest of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries is predominantly European in style. 
D. Some Spanish missionary communities of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries were attached to Spanish military installations. 
E. New Mexico contains by far the largest concentration of Spanish mission-style church architecture in the United States.
4. According to the passage, the building techniques prevailing in the Southwest during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries played a role in which of the following? 
A. preventing missionaries in the Southwest from duplicating traditional European churches B. influencing missionaries in the Southwest to incorporate a freestanding kiva into certain mission settlements
C. causing missionaries in the Southwest to limit the building of churches to New Mexico only D. jeopardizing the viability of Spanish religious settlements throughout the Southwest 
E. encouraging many missionaries in the Southwest to reexamine the continued viability of a highly ceremonial European religious tradition
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
48
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 36
Astronomers have had difficulty accounting for certain planets discovered outside our solar system. They are called hot Jupiters because each is similar in mass to Jupiter, the largest solar-system planet, but orbits its parent star at a fraction of the distance at which Earth, let alone Jupiter, orbits the Sun. In the standard, solar-system-based theory of planetary formation, such as a massive planet could not form so close to a star. So most attempts to explain a hot Jupiter’s existence envision it forming farther away, then migrating inward. According to one hypothesis, the planet’s gravitational field tugs on the protoplanetary disk of dust and gas from which it formed. The disk exerts its own gravitational tug, and this interplay of forces robs the planet of momentum in its orbital path, forcing it to spiral in toward the star. According to another hypothesis, the planet’s gravitational field is so strong that it creates a groove in the disk, partitioning it into inner and outer regions; the resulting gravitational interactions between the planet and these regions cause the planet to lose orbital momentum and spiral inward. Another question remains: what prevents the planet from continuing its spiral until it collides with the star?
1. The author of the passage mentions “Earth” primarily in order to
A.stress the massive size of a hot Jupiter  
B.emphasize the proximity of a hot Jupiter to its parent star  
C.imply that hot Jupiters are unlikely to harbor extraterrestrial life  
D.point out differences between Earth and Jupiter with regard to their orbital distance from the Sun 
E. illustrate how hot Jupiters might fit into the standard theory of planetary formation
2. Which of the following elements is part of one but not both of the hypotheses discussed in the passage?
A. an interplay of gravitational forces  
B. a loss of orbital momentum  
C. a protoplanetary disk composed of dust and gas   D. a protoplanetary disk divided into two regions.
3. It can be inferred from the passage that the “attempts” share which of the following goals? A. to explain how a Jupiter-sized planet could form so close to its parent star.  
B. to explain what prevents a hot Jupiter from colliding with its parent star.  
C. to determine whether a hot Jupiter is formed from a protoplanetary disk of dust and gas.   D. to determine whether a hot Jupiter’s gravitational field is strong enough to create a groove in its protoplantary disk
E. to account for hot Jupiters in a way that is not inconsistent with the standard theory of planetary formation.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
49
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 37
Because the subject matter was so personal, the work of several prominent mid-twentieth century poets has been termed “confessional” poetry. But confession is a bad metaphor for what those poets did. The motive for confession is penitential or therapeutic—by speaking openly about personal guilt and suffering, the poet hopes to make them easier to bear. But these poets always approached their writing as artists, and their motive was aesthetic. Writing from experiences like madness, despair, and lust, their aim was to make effective art, not to cure themselves. To treat their poems mainly as documents of personal experience is not just to diminish the poets’ achievement, but to ignore their unanimous disdain for the idea of confessional poetry.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1. The author of the passage suggests that applying the term “confessional” to the work of the poets discussed 
A. is mistaken in what it seems to imply about the poets’ motivation 
B. might seem superficially appropriate given the subject matter of the poems
C. is an error arising from the absence of any other convenient term.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. The passage implies that the poets discussed did NOT 
A. think that a poet’s motivation for writing was relevant in evaluating that poet’s work B. experience any relief of their personal suffering as a result of writing 
C. apply to their own work the label by which it has subsequently been know
Passage 38
Astronomers who study planet formation once believed that comets—because they remain mostly in the distant Oort cloud, where temperatures are close to absolute zero—must be pristine relics of the material that formed the outer planets. The conceptual shift away from seeing comets as pristine relics began in the 1970s, when laboratory simulations revealed there was sufficient ultraviolet radiation reaching comets to darken their surfaces and there were sufficient cosmic rays to alter chemical bonds or even molecular structure near the surface. Nevertheless, astronomers still believed that when a comet approached the Sun— where they could study it—the Sun’s intense heat would remove the corrupted surface layer, exposing the interior. About the same time, though, scientists realized comets might contain decaying radioactive isotopes that could have warmed cometary interiors to temperatures that caused the interiors to evolve.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1. According to the passage, astronomers recognize which of the following as being liable to cause changes to comets? 
A. cosmic rays 
B. radioactive decay
C. ultraviolet radiation
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. According to the passage, astronomers’ belief that comets are pristine relics was 
A. overturned by analysis of what happens when comets approach the Sun 
B. supported by what observations revealed about the composition of the outer planets C. based on consideration of the conditions that prevail where comets are located
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
50
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 39
Biologists studying wild monkeys sometimes need the genetic material DNA from a particular monkey to determine the animal's parentage. Until recently, DNA could be extracted only from blood. Collecting a blood sample required tranquilizing the donor animal. Now DNA can be extracted from hair. Monkeys shed large quantities of hair in places where they sleep. Therefore, researchers will now be able to determine the parentage of individual monkeys from DNA without tranquilizing the monkeys.
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends? 
A. The places in which monkeys sleep are easily accessible to researchers. 
B. Information about a particular monkey’s parentage is the only kind of information that can be determined from DNA that has been extracted from that monkey’s hair. 
C. For at least some samples of hair collected from monkey habitat it will be possible to associate hairs with the individual monkeys from which they came. 
D. Examining DNA is the only way to determine the parentage of wild monkeys. 
E. It will be necessary to obtain any hair samples used in determining a monkey’s parentage from a place where the monkey has slept.
Passage 40
Buell’s study of village sketches (a type of fiction popular in the United States in the 1830s and 1840s) provides a valuable summary of sketches that portray the community as homogeneous and fixed, but it ignores those by women writers, which typically depicted the diversity that increasingly characterized actual village communities at that time. These women’s geographical mobility was restricted (although women writers of the time were not uniformly circumscribed in this way), and their subject matter reflected this fact. Yet their texts were enriched by what Gilligan, writing in a different context, has called the ability to attend to voices other than one’s own. To varying degrees, the women’s sketches portray differences among community members: all stress differences among men and among women (particularly the latter) as well as differences between the sexes, and some also depict cultural diversity. These writers represent community as dynamic, as something that must be negotiated and renegotiated because of its members’ divergent histories, positions, expectations, and beliefs.
 
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply. 
1. According to the passage, village sketches written by women in the United States in the 1830s and 1840s typically reflected 
A. the negotiations that characterized trade relationships between villages 
B. the fact that these women did not often travel very far beyond their own village 
C. the plurality of experiences and ideas that existed among the residents of a village
2. Select the sentence in the passage that contrasts how men and women depicted life in village communities.
3. The passage indicates that when Gilligan spoke of “the ability to attend to voices other than one’s own,” she 
A. did not consider that ability to be a desirable psychological characteristic 
B. did not believe that individuals differ greatly with respect to that ability
C. was implying that that ability enhances a sense of belonging in communities D. was assuming that good writers are able to depict diverse characters 
E. was not discussing the women who wrote village sketches
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
51
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 41
By far the most popular United States literature of its time was a body of now-neglected novels written between 1820 and 1870 by, for, and about women. According to Nina Baym, who has termed this genre “woman’s fiction,” the massive popularity of these novels claimed a place for women in the writing profession. The novels chronicle the experiences of women who, beset with hardships, find within themselves qualities of intelligence, will, resourcefulness, and courage sufficient to overcome their obstacles. According to Baym, the genre began with Catharine Sedgwick’s New-England Tale (1822), manifested itself as the best-selling reading matter of the American public in the unprecedented sales of Susan Warner’s Wide, Wide World (1850), and remained a dominant fictional type until after 1870. The critical, as opposed to popular, reception of these novels in their own time was mixed. Theoretical opposition by those who saw fiction as a demoralizing and corrupting influence was by no means dead in mid-nineteenth-century America, and popular successes naturally bore a significant proportion of the attack. The moralistic tone of much woman’s fiction did not placate these antagonists; on the contrary, many clerical opponents of the novel thought that women were trying to take over the clergy’s functions and hence attacked all the more fiercely. Similarly, some male authors, disgruntled by the emergence of great numbers of women writers, expressed contempt for the genre.
On the other hand, the women had a powerful ally—their publishers, who not only put these works into print but advertised them widely and enthusiastically. Some few reviewers wrote about these works with attention and respect, distinguishing between the works of the different authors and identifying individual strengths and weaknesses. These approving contemporary critics were particularly alert to each writer’s contribution to the depiction of American social life, especially to regional differences in manners and character types. On the whole, however, even these laudatory critics showed themselves uninterested in the stories that this fiction told, or in their significance.
Baym acknowledges that these novels are telling—with variations--a single familiar tale, and correctly notes that this apparent lack of artistic innovation has been partly responsible for their authors’ exclusion from the canon of classic American writers traditionally studied in university literature courses. Baym points out, however, that unlike such male contemporaries as Nathaniel Hawthorne, these women did not conceive of themselves as “artists,” but rather as professional writers with work to do and a living to be made from fulfilling an obligation to their audience. This obligation included both entertainment and instruction, which are not, says Baym, at odds with one another in these books, nor is entertainment the sweet coating on a didactic pill. Rather, the lesson itself is an entertainment: the central character’s triumph over adversity is profoundly pleasurable to those readers who identify with her.
1. The passage is primarily concerned with 
A. summarizing the major contributions of two influential writers 
B. describing and commenting on a group of literary works 
C. summarizing the major events of a period of literary history 
D. contrasting two types of literary works from the same era 
E. arguing for the adopting of several neglected literary works into university curriculums
2. The author of the passage cites Susan Warner’s Wide, Wide World most probably as an example of a woman’s novel that 
A. had more advanced artistic elements than many of its type 
B. attracted an excessive amount of critical attention
C. was found to be inappropriately moralistic by many members of the clergy D. was significant as an indicator of the genre’s popularity 
E. signaled the gradual decline of the size of the genre’s audience
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
52
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 3. The author of the passage implies which of the following about the members of the clergy mentioned in the first paragraph? 
A. They also opposed works of fiction that were outside the genre of woman’s fiction. 
B. They opposed journalism as well as imaginative writing.
C. Their influence reached its pinnacle in the mid-nineteenth century. 
D. They were unable to obtain the support of other critics for their views. 
E. Their attacks on the genre of the novel did not extend to novels written by male writers.
4. Which of the following can be inferred from the passage concerning the majority of the nineteenth-century reviewers of woman’s fiction? 
A. They considered the position taken by the clergy in regard to woman’s fiction self-serving. B. They did not make fine distinctions between different authors. 
C. They placed a higher value on plot than on social significance. 
D. They subscribed to the view of writers as purveyors of popular entertainment rather than as artists
E. They regarded woman’s fiction as high as publishers did
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
53
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 42
Carolina Hospital notes that Cuban-American writers who write primarily in English are dismissed from anthologies and analyses of Cuban exile literature on that account. She argues that since these writers were born in Cuba and consider themselves Cuban writers, they should not be ignored, and maintains that they represent a new phase of Cubanness, one that is expressed in the language comfortable to its writers—English. Moreover, another critic notes that the Spanish and English traditions of Cuban-American writing have different but equally viable functions. The English branch seeks to create a distinctive culture of Cuban roots in the United States, whereas the Spanish branch wishes to preserve a specifically Cuban culture while seeking affiliation with the canon of Latin American letters.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1. Hospital, as presented in the passage, would probably agree with which of the following statements about Cuban-American writing? 
A. For Cuban-American writers, writing in English is not irreconcilable with Cuban identity.  B. All Cuban-American writers are generally recognized as contributing to Cuban exile literature.
C. It is appropriate for anthologies of Cuban exile literature to include works written both in Spanish and in English.
2. In the context in which it appears, “comfortable” most nearly means A. prosperous 
B. sufficient 
C. agreeable
D. restful E. painless
考满分All In One
考满分GRE阅读
54
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 43
Constant variations in the amount of sunlight available on Earth at any given location make energy storage a necessary design feature of terrestrial solar-energy systems. For systems transforming solar to thermal energy, the thermal energy may be stored in matter as either latent heat or sensible heat. Latent heat is absorbed or released whenever matter changes phase, as when matter changes from liquid to gas, for example, or from gas to liquid. Large heat capacities are associated with certain materials, like salts, but in any substance this storage is available only at the unique fixed temperature at which the particular phase transition occurs in that substance. Moreover, materials that have transitions at the temperatures that terrestrial solar-energy systems are likely to encounter are usually destructively corrosive at those temperatures. The storage of sensible heat, on the other hand, allows flexibility as to temperature, in addition, safe substances like water and most rocks have large sensible heat capacities.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to discuss which of the following? A. reasons for the necessity for developing solar-energy systems 
B. different ways of storing solar energy as heat 
C. new designs for devices that collect solar energy
D. procedures for transferring thermal energy between materials 
E. differences between capacities of solids and liquids to store sensible heat
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. According to the passage, solar-energy systems located on Earth must store energy for which of the following reasons?
A.At any given location on Earth, the amount of sunlight available frequently changes.   B.The operation of such systems depends on devices that require a power source other than solar energy
C. Demand for the energy produced by such systems varies in unpredictable ways
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
3.The author suggests that which of the following constitutes a potential disadvantage of using latent heat for energy storage? 
A. The circumstances under which phase transitions occur would limit the versatility of latent heat as a storage method.
B. The supply of substances that possess the properties that are needed in a medium for latent heat storage is dwindling. 
C. The properties that are needed in a medium for latent heat storage are found in substances that have other, undesirable properties.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
55
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 44
Exotic insect pests can produce both short-and long-term effects on forest ecosystems. Short- term effects include the disturbances directly associated with the action of the pest, which may cause the defoliation, loss of vigor, or death of trees. Long-term effects are primarily mediated by changes in tree species composition and the consequent alterations of forest structure, productivity, and nutrient uptake. Exotic pests are more efficient than most abiotic disturbances (e.g., fire or wind) at producing long-term changes in species composition. Pests often target specific tree species and, if they become established, they usually remain as permanent components of the ecosystem. Shifts in forest species composition ramify through the ecosystem in many ways because tree species have different, often unique properties.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1.The passage mentions which of the following as effects of exotic pests on forest ecosystems?
A. decreased vitality in trees 
B. defoliation of trees 
C. changes in forest structure
2. The author of the passage mentions the “unique properties” of tree species primarily in order to help explain 
A. why pests tend to target specific tree species 
B. why pests can have long-term effects on entire ecosystems
C. how pests contribute to shifts in forest species composition 
D. how pests are able to become established in an ecosystem 
E. how some tree species are able to withstand the effects of pests
Passage 45
For centuries, oak was the wood of choice for European shipbuilders. However, toward the end of the eighteenth century, as British oak supplies grew scarce, shipbuilders there turned to teak and found in it an ideal substitute. Other woods expand and contract at different rates than oak, so repairs to oak ships done with those woods split or leak. Only teak matches oak’s expansion coefficient and stays watertight. It is unmatched in its resistance to rot and pests, and its oils even protect nails against corrosion. Moreover, it was one of two important tropical hardwoods (with Central American mahogany) that dried light enough to float downriver--the only way to transport timber in quantity from the inland jungles where it grew.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1. It can be inferred from the passage that an advantage of teak over mahogany is that teak is: A. more compatible with the materials in existing ships. 
B. less susceptible to rot and pests 
C. available in greater quantities in inland jungles
2. In the context in which it appears, ‘turned to” most nearly means A. rotated 
B. resorted to 
C. deflected from
D. reverted to 
E. revolved around
考满分All In One
考满分GRE阅读
56
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 46
For the first time, funding for designing experiments to be conducted during space flights has been made available by the government space program to university biologists not already employed by the space program. From the fact that little interest has been expressed in this offer, however, it cannot be concluded that virtually the only biologists interested in research that such experiments could address are those biologists already employed by the space program, since _____.
Which of the following most logically completes the argument given? 
A. relatively few of the biologists already employed by the space program have ever held university positions 
B. there are more research biologists in industry than at universities 
C. biologists are not the only scientists interested in research that could be furthered by the opportunity to conduct experiments in space 
D. the space program employs only a small percentage of the research biologists employed by the government 
E. much of the biological research currently funded by the government’s space program is concerned with the biological effects of a weightless environment
Passage 47
From the 1880s to the 1930s, the textile industry in Japan employed over half of all workers, most of them in the three major branches of silk reeling, cotton spinning, and weaving. Because the branches were highly diverse—in scale, skill requirements, and technology— historians traditionally have analyzed them separately. However, the workforces of all three were drawn primarily from the same population: young, mostly rural women aged 10 to 25. Noting this commonality, Hunter argues that a consideration of the three branches of production together is long overdue: examining elements common to the different branches of textile production may, she asserts, permit the identification of gender-based factors that may have influenced the operation of the Japanese female labor market as a whole.
1. Which of the following does the passage cite as an explanation for historians’ traditional analysis of the Japanese textile industry? 
A. a common workforce population across all branches of textile manufacturing 
B. similarities in the skills required for silk reeling, cotton spinning, and weaving
C. the importance of the textile industry to the Japanese economy as a whole 
D. the high number of female factory workers employed within the textile industry
E. differences in the technology used in the three major branches of textile production
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. It can be inferred that Hunter regards which of the following to be a shortcoming of historians’ traditional analyses discussed in the passage? 
A. their failure to examine factors common to the three different branches of Japanese textile production
B. their separation of the Japanese textile industry into three major branches based on differences in scale, skill requirements, and technology 
C. their failure to acknowledge the contribution made by rural women to the different branches of the textile industry
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
57
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 48
When studying shrimp feeding from hydro-thermal vents at the bottom of the ocean, biologists were surprised that the shrimps’ reproductive cycles followed seasonal patterns. Far beyond the reach of sunlight, and with food abundant around the vents all year round, why should such animals reproduce seasonally? The answer might involve their offspring, which in their larval form drift in the currents to colonize new vents. The larvae must feed during their trip, and their springtime release coincides with a peak in algae raining down from surface waters. So far, researchers have found no evidence of seasonal breeding among vent-dwelling species that provide their offspring with yolk to sustain them or among vent-dwelling species found in areas of the ocean with not seasonal algae blooms.
Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence?
A. It casts doubt on the accuracy of earlier observations of seasonal breeding among shrimp species living near hydro-thermal vents.
B. It undermines the explanation proposed for seasonal breeding among some shrimp species living near hydro-thermal vents.
C. It suggests that alternative theories are needed to explain seasonal breeding among shrimp species living near hydro-thermal vents.
D. It describes the survival benefits to shrimp of mating in parts of the ocean where algae blooms rain down abundantly.
E. It supports the explanation proffered for the seasonal breeding observed among some shrimp species living near hydro-thermal vents.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
58
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 49
There is mounting evidence that the frequency and magnitude of landsliding is changing in many parts of the world in response to climate change. This is not surprising, given that precipitation is one of the two external triggering mechanisms--the other being seismic activity--involved in the formation of landslides. Evidence from the past clearly indicates that cycles of elevated landslide activity have been followed by cycles of low activity, and that these are correlated with climate fluctuations over a variety of timescales.
What sets current changes in landslide activity apart is the likely influence of anthropogenic [i.e., human-caused] factors, either acting alone or in concert with climate, which can further modify the process of landsliding and the nature of ecosystem responses. Among these factors, deforestation and land-use change have the potential to influence the frequency and magnitude of landsliding because of their direct effects on vegetation attributes that influence slope stability. The extent and conditions under which mountain ecosystems are resilient to these changes--that is, the amount of disturbance they can absorb before changing into states with different structure and function--are not known. Addressing this issue is crucial for the long-term conservation of mountainscapes.
1. The author of the passage cites “evidence from the past” in order to A. support a partial explanation
B. concede a potential objection
C. dismiss an apparent counterexample
D. highlight a scientific consensus E. account for a historical anomaly
2. The passage makes which of the following claims?
A. A rise in precipitation resulting from human factors has increased the frequency and magnitude of landsliding.
B. Human factors have led to greater changes in landsliding activity than have cyclical climate fluctuations.
C. Decreases in landsliding activity have historically been accompanied by changes in climate. D. Slope stability is more influenced by seismic activity than it is by human factors
E. Changes in land-use patterns in mountain ecosystems are generally correlated with changes in climate.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
3. The author of the passage suggests which of the following about the role of human factors in landsliding activity?
A. Human factors can intensify or alter the effects of climate change on landsliding activity. B. It is likely that human factors affect landsliding activity more than climate change does.
C. Until recently, human factors did not have much impact on landsliding activity.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
59
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 50
There have been numerous well-documented extinctions of indigenous species caused by the introduction of non-indigenous predators and pathogens. However, surprisingly few extinctions of indigenous species can be attributed to competition from introduced species. For example, during the past 400 years, 4,000 plant species have been introduced into North America, and these non-indigenous plants currently account for nearly 20 percent of North America’s plant species. Yet noevidence exists that any indigenous North American plant species became extinct as a result of competition from new species could mean that such extinctions take longer to occur than scientists initially believed or, alternatively, that extinctions are rarely caused by competition from non-indigenous species.
1. The passage is concerned primarily with
A. pointing out that a particular type of species extinction is rarely known to occur.
B. proposing a possible explanation for conflicting data about a particular type of species extinction.
C. resolving a debate about the frequency of a particular type of species extinction.
D. comparing two theories regarding possible causes of a particular type of species extinction. E. refuting a proposed explanation for the increasingly rare occurrence of a particular type of species extinction.
2. The author introduces statistics about North America’s non-indigenous plant species primarily in order to
A. undermine a proposed explanation for the absence of any evidence for the occurrence of a particular phenomenon
B. contrast the effect of introduced plant species in North America with the effect that introduced animal species have had
C. suggest that North America’s indigenous plants are a domain in which there has been ample scope for a particular effect to have occurred
D. emphasize how much the ecology of North America has been affected over the past 400 years by the introduction of non-indigenous species
E. substantiate a claim about the overall effect that the introduction of non-indigenous species tends to have on indigenous populations
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
60
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 51
The relevance of the literary personality—a writer’s distinctive attitudes, concerns, and artistic choices—to the analysis of a literary work is being scrutinized by various schools of contemporary criticism. Deconstructionists view the literary personality, like the writer’s biographical personality, as irrelevant. The proper focus of literary analysis, they argue, is a work’s intertextuality( interrelationship with other texts), subtexts (unspoken, concealed, or repressed discourses), and metatexts (self-referential aspects), not a perception of a writer’s verbal and aesthetic “fingerprints.” New historicists also devalue the literary personality, since, in their emphasis on a work’s historical contexts, they credit a writer with only those insights and ideas that were generally available when the writer lived. However, to readers interested in literary detective work--say scholars of classical( Greek and Roman) literature who wish to reconstruct damaged texts or deduce a work’s authorship—the literary personality sometimes provides vital clues.
1. The passage is primarily concerned with
A. discussing attitudes toward a particular focus for literary analysis
B. describing the limitations of two contemporary approaches to literary analysis
C. pointing out the similarities among seemingly contrasting approaches to literary analysis D. defending the resurgence of a particular focus for literary analysis
E. defining a set of related terms employed in literary criticism
For the following question, consider each of the choice separately and select all that apply. 2. It can be inferred from the passage that on the issue of how to analyze a literary work, the new historicists would most likely agree with the deconstructionists that
A. The writer’s insights and ideas should be understood in terms of the writer’s historical context.
B. The writer’s literary personality has little or no relevance.
C. The critic should primarily focus on intertextuality, subtexts and metatexts.
3. In the context in which it appears, “credit writer with” most nearly means A. trust a writer with
B. applaud a writer for
C. believe a writer created
D. presume a writer had E. accept a writer for
考满分All In One
考满分GRE阅读
61
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 52
The physicist Wallace Sabine pioneered the scientific study of architectural acoustics when he was asked in 1895 to fix a university lecture hall in which the echo of a speaker’s words rendered them unintelligible. He found that the length of time it takes a sound’s echo to decay is determined by the absorption of the sound’s original energy by surrounding material. By hanging panels of sound-absorbing felt on the walls, Sabine reduced the echo enough to make the hall usable. And the data he compiled yielded a mathematical formula for the relationship between a room’s echo duration, its quantity and quality of sound-absorbing materials, and its spatial volume.
1. Which of the following can be inferred about the ‘university lecture hall’ mentioned in the passage?
A. It was not originally designed to be used for lecture.
B. It was more suitable for listening to music than for listening to the spoken word.
C. Its walls had surfaces made of material with very poor sound-absorbing properties.
D. Its poor acoustics resulted from its being designed to accommodate a large audience. E. It was constructed at a time when sound-absorbing building materials were not readily available.
2. The passage suggests that Sabine’s work made which of the following possible for the first time?
A. to make a room soundproof
B. to build an auditorium out of sound-absorbing materials
C. to construct an enclosed space in which sound would not echo
D. to design a building to meet predetermined specifications with regard to echo duration E. to render any large room usable for public lectures and performances
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
62
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 53
The manuscripts of the eight extant Latin tragedies identify the plays as the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragoediae. Since nobody of that name is known, modern scholars believe the dramasto be the work of Lucius Annaeus Seneca the Younger, the well-known philosopher, orator and politician. Clearly the tragedies were written during Seneca’s lifetime: internal references to earlier poets, most notably Ovid, indicate that the dramas cannot have been composed prior to the second decade C.E., and the plays must have been written by 96C.E., when Quintilian quotes Medea, one of the tragedies.
It is remarkably, however, that Seneca himself never mentions the plays, since there are certain passages in them that could be used to illustrate points of his philosophy. There are at least two possible explanations. In the early Roman Empire, playwrights were sometimes exiled or executed for line constructed as directed against the emperor; thus, Seneca’s silence may be simple prudence. But if anyone could safely attach his name to dramas, surely it would be Seneca, the emperor’s tutor. And although Herrmann offers Seneca’s modesty as an explanation, Seneca is not averse to referring to his other writings. The evidence for equating Seneca with the author of the tragedies seems circumstantial.
1. The author mentions Medea primarily in order to
A. give an example of a play in which references to certain authors can be used to determine when the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragoediae were composed
B. acknowledge the possibility that the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragoediae may have been written by Quintilian rather than Seneca
C. suggest that certain of the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragoediae may have been written near the end of Seneca’s lifetime
D. argue that Marci may have been one of the last of the eight plays in the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragoediae to be written
E. indicate how the latest possible date for the time period during which the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragordiae were composed might be established
2. The author of the passage makes which of the following claims about the eight extant Latin tragedies?
A. There is only circumstantial evidence that the plays were all written by the same author.
B. Scholars have persistently attributed the plays to Seneca despite evidence that some of them may have been composed prior to his lifetime.
C. Evidence in the manuscripts of the plays identifies them as having been written by Lucius Annaeus Seneca the Younger.
D. The plays contain some lines that have been construed as being directed against the emperor.
E. The plays contain material that could illustrate certain aspects of Seneca’s philosophy.
3. The author of the passage would most likely agree that if Seneca had in fact written the tragedies, then Seneca probably would have
A. used the plays as platforms for his philosophical ideas
B. referred to the plays in some of his other writings
C. been in danger of exile or execution for certain line in the plays D. avoided attaching his name to be the plays out of modesty
E. written the plays during the latter portion of his lifetime
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
63
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 4. The author implies which of the following about Seneca’s status as the emperor’s tutor? A. It enabled Seneca to illustrate points of his philosophy to the leaders of the early Roman Empire.
B. It had more of an effect on Seneca’s career as a dramatist than it did on his career as a philosopher, orator, and politician.
C. It might have offered Seneca some protection from certain dangers playwrights typically faced.
D. It required Seneca to avoid making references to his various writings.
E. It required that Seneca take particular care that his writings could not be construed as being directed against the emperor.
5. Each of the following assertions consistent with Seneca’s authorship of the plays appears in the passage EXCEPT
A. There is no known author by the name to which the plays are attributed.
B. Playwrights in the early Roman Empire were politically vulnerable.
C. There are references in the play to Ovid.
D. There are references in the plays to Seneca’s philosophical works. E. There are quotations from the plays in the works of Quintilian.
Passage 54
The discovery of subsurface life on Earth, surviving independently from surface life, refuted the belief that biological processes require not only liquid water but sunlight as well, thus greatly enhancing the possibility of life beyond Earth. Take Jupiter’s moon Europa. Space probes show a body covered with a thick layer of ice. As Europa orbits its planet, however, it flexes due to the gravitational tug-of-war between it,its sister moons, and Jupiter. Through friction, this flexing produces heat in the moon’s interior capable of melting ice. Indeed, observations suggest liquid water exists beneath Europa’s icy crust. Photosynthetic life is impossible there because sunlight is completely absent, but life such as the microbes that flourish deep within earth may still be possible.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply
1. Life on Europa in the form suggested in the passage would be dependent on
A. the protection Europa’s icy crust gives against the harmful components of sunlight B. the existence of water on Europa
C. the motion of Europa around Jupiter
2. The highlighted sentence “take Jupiter’s moon Europa” serves to introduce A. an instance that allows a hypothesis to be tested
B. speculation grounded in empirical discovery
C. a deduction from a newly advanced hypothesis
D. a large-scale effect of an apparently insignificant contingency E. the derivation of a contradiction to refute a claim
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
64
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 55
Some historians have recently challenged the “party period paradigm,” the view, advanced by McCormick and others, that political parties—especially the two major parties—in the United States between the years 1835 and 1900 evoked extraordinary loyalty from voters and dominated political life. Voss-Hubbard cites the frequency of third-party eruptions during the period as evidence of popular antipathy to the two-party regime. He correctly credits third parties with helping generate the nineteenth century’s historically high rates of voter turnout by forcing major parties to bolster supporters’ allegiance, lest minor parties siphon off their votes, and with pushing policy demands that the majorparties ignored. Formisano stresses the pervasive record of nonpartisan and anti-party governance at the local level, and women’ s frequent participation in nineteenth-century public life, prior to their enfranchisement, in nonpartisan and antiparty ways as evidence of the limitations of the party period paradigm. Yet McCormick would deny that the existence of antiparty sentiment during the period undermined the paradigm, since he has always acknowledged the residual strength of such sentiment during the nineteenth century. In any case, the strength of the paradigm is its comparative thrust: the contrast it draws between the period in question and earlier and later political eras.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. correct a common misconception about a historical period
B. identify a feature of a historical period that has often been overlooked C. challenge the validity of evidence used to support a claim
D. discuss certain challenges to a particular view
E. account for a particular feature of historical period
2. Select the sentence in the passage that describes how a historian might reply to attempts to call his theory into question.
3. In the context in which it appears, “evoked” most nearly means A. elicited
B. recalled
C. cited
D. suggested E. elaborated
考满分All In One
考满分GRE阅读
65
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 56
Soil communities are dependent on plants for organic matter. Plants provide organic matter for soil communities through the decomposition of leaf litter, by oozing nutrients from roots, or through other methods of deposition of organic compounds into the soil environments. As a result of these diverse methods by which plants supply resources, unique soil communities form under different plant species and under plant communities that differ in composition. If a nonnative plant species invades an above-ground community of flora and fauna, it can alter links between the native above-ground community and the below-ground soil community. For example, an invading nonnative plant could alter the quantity of leaf litter production, which would alter nutrient contributions to the soil.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1. According to the passage, plants supply resources to soil communities by which of the following methods?
A. Some plants supply resources to soil communities by promoting diversity of above-ground flora and fauna.
B. Some plants supply resources to soil communities by oozing nutrients from their roots.
C. Some plants supply resources to soil communities by depositing leaf litter.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. Which of the following statements about the connection between above-ground plants and below-ground soil communities can be inferred from the passage?
A. Because of the nature of the link between above-and below-ground communities, many soil communities are deficient in nutrients.
B. The extent to which soil communities are dependent on above-ground plants is extremely variable from one soil community to another.
C. Because different plants supply resources to soil communities in different ways, distinctive soil communities form under different plant communities.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
66
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 57
Recent studies of the Philippine fruit bat fauna have confirmed some previous hypotheses regarding bats on oceanic islands: for example, species richness[ the number of different species in a particular area] and abundance are generally highest in the lowlands and decrease with increasing elevation. With few exceptions, each endemic species [species native to a particular place] is restricted to the modern islands that made up a single island during periods of low sea level, and genetic differentiation has been influenced by the ecology of the species and the current and past geographic and geological conditions. However, far more previous hypotheses have been overturned than supported. Some endemic Philippine species use disturbed habitat as extensively as nonendemic species that are widespread in Southeast Asia. Levels of genetic variation within all species are high, not low, and rather than showing evidence of an intrinsic vulnerability to extinction from natural causes, independent lineages of these bats have persisted in rather small areas for very long periods of time(often millions of years) in spite of frequent typhoons and volcanic eruptions. While colonization from outside areas has clearly contributed to the high species richness, speciation within the archipelago has contributed at least a quarter of the total species richness, including many of the most abundant species.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. draw on studies of the Philippine fruit bat in proposing a new theory regarding bats on oceanic islands
B. show how recent research on the Philippine fruit bat reflects debates about bats on oceanic islands
C. argue for the relevance of certain new evidence pertaining to the Philippine fruit bat or the study of bats on oceanic islands
D. discuss recent investigations of Philippines fruit bat in light of conventional wisdom regarding bats on oceanic islands
E. explain why the Philippine fruit bat is atypical among bats on oceanic islands in terms of genetic variation
2. The primary function of the highlighted text is to
A. identify a finding from the Philippine fruit bat studies that will have a significant impact on how oceanic bats generally are viewed
B. point out a hypothesis that has been the subject of considerable disagreement among researchers studying oceanic bats
C. present evidence that is difficult to reconcile with other recent findings regarding the Philippine fruit bat
D. illustrate a widely held view about oceanic bats generally that was confirmed by the Philippine fruit bat studies
E. identify a feature of the Philippine fruit bat that does not appear to apply to oceanic bats generally
3. Which of the following can be inferred from the passage about the “recent studies”? A. They point to the need for a significantly revised perspective on oceanic island bats generally.
B. They were undertaken with the assumption that Philippine fruit bats were somewhat atypical among oceanic bats.
C. They remain some what controversial among researchers because of the number of standard hypotheses that they tested.
D. They have largely confirmed what scientists thought about the Philippine fruit bat.
E. They suggest that bats on oceanic islands are more vulnerable to extinction than previously thought.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
67
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 58
Recent studies of the gender gap in the history of United States policies tend to focus on candidate choice rather than on registration and turnout. This shift in focus from gender inequality in political participation may be due to the finding in several studies of voting behavior in the United States that since 1980, differences in rates of registration and voting between men and women are not statistically significant after controlling for traditional predictors of participation. However, Fullerton and Stern argue that researchers have overlooked the substantial gender gap in registration and voting in the South. While the gender gap in participation virtually disappeared outside the South by the 1950s, substantial gender differences persisted in the South throughout the 1950s and 1960s, only beginning to decline in 1970s.
1. Select the sentence in the passage that offers a possible explanation for a trend.
2. According to the passage, which of the following is true about recent studies of the gender gap in the United States politics?
A. They accurately depict voter preference in the South prior to 1980.
B. They have been unduly influenced by changes in voter preferences.
C. They fail to recognize important factors affecting levels of voter participation.
D. They do not pay sufficient attention to the effect regional differences have on voter preference.
E. They are more concerned with the choices that male and female voters make than with the frequency with which they vote.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
68
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 59
Recent studies of ancient Maya water management have found that the urban architecture of some cities was used to divert rainfall runoff into gravity-fed systems of interconnected reservoirs. In the central and southern May Lowlands, this kind of water control was necessary to support large populations throughout the year due to the scarcity of perennial surface water and the seasonal availability of rainfall. Some scholars argue that the concentration of water within the urban core of these sites provided a centralized source of political authority for Maya elites based largely on controlled water access. Such an argument is plausible, however, it is less useful for understanding the sociopolitical implications of water use and control in other, water-rich parts of the Maya region.
1. The author of the passage implies which of the following about the political importance of the type of urban water management system described in the passage?
A. Because the system was centralized, it allowed political control over a widely scattered population.
B. The knowledge required to design and maintain the system became the pretext for Maya elites’ political authority.
C. By selectively limiting access to water, Maya elites used the system to curb challenges to their authority
D. The system is not sufficient to explain the sources of centralized political power in all parts of the Maya region
E. The system’s continued maintenance required political authorities to exert control over an increasing proportion of economic resources.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. According to the passage, which of the following is true of the water management systems in the central and southern Maya Lowlands?
A. They were implemented in part because of the prevailing pattern of rainfall.
B. They were an integral part of lowland cities’ architecture.
C. They were needed because of insufficient resources such as ponds, rivers and lakes in the lowlands.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
69
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 60
Ralph Ellison was passionately interested in visual arts. He immersed himself in Harlem’s art scene in the 1930s, even apprenticing with sculptor Richmond Barthe for a time. Yet he was wary of projects aiming to provide a visual rendering of his novel Invisible Man. He reluctantly allowed Franklin Library to publish two illustrated versions of the novel but found the results disappointing and repeatedly rejected proposed film versions of the book. Despite his involvement in visual arts, Ellison insisted that only language could capture the complexity of American identity. This complexity consisted of the tension arising from the collision of the United States’ written ideals, as outlined in the founding documents, and the historical and contemporary experience molding the national consciousness.
1. It can be inferred that the author mentions Ellison’s apprenticeship with Richmond Barthe primarily in order to
A. show that Ellison drew upon some aspects of the visual arts in developing his ideas for Invisible Man
B. show that Ellison’s claim for the superiority of the language drive from his experience with other are forms
C. establish that Ellison had experience with an art form that interested many leading figures of the 1930s Harlem art scene
D. suggest that in the 1930s the Harlem art scene provided an environment in which artists were likely to work in several media
E. qualify Ellison’s reservations about visual renderings of his work by showing that he was not indifferent to visual art
2. Which of the following can be inferred from the passage about the “tension”?
A. It partly resulted from social injustices that Ellison worked to alleviate.
B. It came to Ellison’s attention partly a a result of his experience with proposed film versions of Invisible Man.
C. Ellison thought that it could not be adequately represented by sculpture.
D. Ellison believed that it arose from contradictions within the United States’ founding ideals. E. Ellison felt that it was an issue that could not adequately be addressed through the depiction of fictional characters.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
70
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 61
Our terrestrial food supply comes from ecosystems transformed to produce a few comestible species through the removal of competitors, predators, and pests, but marine capture fisheries depend on the overall productivity of natural ecosystems. There is, however, increasing concern about the impact of fishing and other human activities on marine ecosystems, which are now far from pristine. One option for moving toward both biodiversity and terrestrial food supply goals is to produce greater yields from less land, thereby freeing land for conservation purposes. By contrast, the objective of maintaining or resorting the biodiversity of marine ecosystems may conflict with the objective of maintaining or increasing our food supply from the sea, since the level of fishing required to achieve the latter may compromise the former.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. examine the impact of certain research findings regarding changes to ecosystem biodiversity.
B. discuss a possible implication of a difference between terrestrial and marine food supply sources.
C. describe the consequences of a certain kind of interaction between terrestrial and marine ecosystems.
D. identify an area of ecosystem research in which here are significant uncertainties
E. present evidence that undermines one side of a debate about biodiversity and supports the other.
2. According to the passage, increasing the food yield per unit of land can have which of the following effects? 
A. enabling more land to be used for development purposes
B. compromising progress toward conservation goals
C. helping protect comestible species from competition and predation D. helping reduce pressure on marine ecosystems
E. helping restore the biodiversity of terrestrial ecosystems
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
71
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 62
Much recent work has examined the claim that women encounter increasing obstacles relative to men as they move up the organizational ladder in business. This proposition, which we term the increasing-disadvantage model, is a core element of the popular glass ceiling metaphor. Despite continued widespread public acceptance of the glass ceiling idea and some consistent findings, most research to date has failed to support the increasing-disadvantage model. Indeed, several studies based on private-sector firms find that women’ s mobility prospects improve, rather than decline, as they climb upward in corporate hierarchies. In the public sector, researchers have found either no sex differences in mobility or a larger female disadvantage in lower grades.
Comparing cross-sectional national samples of workers, Baxter and Wright found no evidence in the United States, and only limited evidence in Sweden and Australia, that women’ s probability of being located in a higher versus a lower hierarchical level declined relative to men’ s at higher levels. Taken together, these findings suggest that the glass ceiling may be a myth. Women’ s scarcity in top organizational ranks may simply represent the cumulative effect of a constant-or even decreasing-disadvantage at successive hierarchical levels.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. compare two explanations for a recurring problem B. summarize evidence relevant to a hypothesis
C. point out inconsistencies in a set of findings
D. account for the persistence of a point of view
E. reconsider the origins an ongoing issue
2. Based on the passage, which of the following is true of the “limited evidence” from Sweden and Australia?
A. It lends supports to the increasing-disadvantage model.
B. It correlates with findings on women’ s mobility from most other counties.
C. It suggests important cultural similarities between these countries. D. It points to a phenomenon not widely recognized in these countries. E. It helps explain the persistence of the glass ceiling.
3. The author of the passage and those accepting the “proposition” would most likely agree with which of the following?
A. Lower down on the organizational ladder, women tend to experience fewer disadvantages than they do at higher levels.
B. Women experience no more disadvantages in moving up the organizational ladder than do men.
C. The degree of disadvantage experiences by women remains constant as women move up the organizational ladder.
D. The obstacles to women’ s advancement vary significantly from country to country. E. Women face some disadvantage at each stage of the organizational ladder.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
72
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 63
In various writings from the 1940s on popular culture, George Orwell examined commercial texts such as comics and crime novels, seeking out political meanings that ran counter to what he considered an inherent tendency toward socialism in the English common people. The public, he concluded, was often being duped by a convert patrician conservatism, conveyed through commercial culture, that restrained the people’s radical instincts. These works constituted some of Orwell’ s greatest writing, yet those who see him as a lone precursor to today’s cultural studies, a field in which scholars examine the ideological implications of popular culture, are mistaken. A number of left-wing writers in the 1930s, many of them associated with the Communist Party, saw the need to take popular culture seriously.
The passage suggests which of the following about George Orwell?  
A. He regarded commercial texts a vehicles for the views of ordinary people.
B. He regarded many commercial texts as having an insidious effect on readers.
C. He considered commercial text such as comics to be unworthy of serious analysis. D. He initiated a new direction in scholarship by taking popular culture seriously.
E. He regarded commercial texts as inappropriate vehicles for political ideas.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
73
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 64
In the life of Charlotte Bronte(1857), the first and the most celebrated biography of novelist Charlotte Bronte, Elizabeth Gaskell promoted the long-persisting romantic view of Bronte as having no connection with the rest of English society at a time when industrialization was causing much turbulence, but as having sprung naturally, like so much purple heather, out of the English countryside. Gaskell also portrayed Bronte as irreproachably proper, incapable of “unladylike” feelings or dangerous views; this was at variance with the subversive spirit Matthew Arnold accurately discerned, albeit with distance, deep within Bronte’ s fiction. While correcting many of Gaskell’ s errors and omissions at last, even Winifred Gerin’ s Charlotte Bronte: The Evolution of Genius(1967) failed to discard Gaskell’ s viewpoint. Feminist have introduced new interpretations of Bronte’ s life, but it is primarily Juliet Barker who takes into account the larger world that impinged on that life-- the changing England in which old divisions of class and gender were under pressure.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. consider similarities in several studies of Charlotte Bronte’ s life B. defend a particular view of Charlotte Bronte’ life
C. discuss a change in perspective on Charlotte Bronte’ s life
D. depict the social environment in which Charlotte Bronte lived
E. portray Charlotte Bronte as an early feminist writer
2. The passage suggest that Matthew Arnold disapproved of Charlotte Bronte’ s fiction insofar as he believed that it
A. overly romanticized the English countryside
B. contained dangerous ideas buried within it
C. perpetuated outmoded social distinctions
D. failed to represent industrialized society realistically E. reflected an excessive concern with propriety
3. The passage suggest that Gaskell’ s biography of Charlotte Bronte advanced the idea that Bronte was
A. one of the most celebrated of the romantic novelist
B. an outspoken advocate of the social change
C. opposed to the industrialization of England
D. strongly influenced by the social upheaval of the times E. chiefly the product of a rustic environment
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
74
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 65
In the country of Seligia where asbestos has been used extensively in construction, that use is about to be banned, because the exposure of construction workers to asbestos can cause a certain type of cancer. We can predict that the ban will result in reducing the incidence of that type of cancer in Seligia by as much as 50 percent.
It is true that less than 30 percent of the death certificates of Seligians who have died of that cancer have “construction” listed as the deceased’s occupation. The cancer takes about 20 years after exposure to develop, however, and Seligians who have worked in construction commonly turn to less strenuous occupations as they age. Seligian death certificates indicate only the deceased’s last occupation.
In the argument given, the two highlighted portions play which of the following roles?
A. The first is a prediction that argument seeks to defend, the second presents evidence that if not supplemented would cast doubt on that judgment.
B. The first is a prediction that the argument seeks to defend, the second is a finding, the accuracy of which is disputed by the argument as a whole.
C. The first is a prediction that the argument as a whole rejects the second presents evidence on which that rejection is based
D. The first is a prediction that the argument as a whole seeks to defend, the second is evidence that the defense can be at best partially successful.
E. The first is a prediction that is cited in order to justify a stated conclusion, the second is a consideration that has been raised against that conclusion.
Passage 66
In recent decades, scholars of American literature have skillfully revealed authors’ simultaneous accommodation and resistance to an increasingly commercialized, capitalized environment during the early nineteenth century. Historians of the period have not, however, fully exploited literary criticism, due to the disciplinary boundaries that mark contemporary academic research. Few historians have extensive training in critical theory and its specialized languages, and the sheer volume of work in early American history and literature challenges anyone who would master either field, much less both. Moreover, historians study people across the nation, but much literary scholarship called “American” actually examines works produced in northeastern states. And historians usually study the operations of capitalism in its details, while literary critics produce a generalized picture of literary commodification.
1. As discussed in the passage, the literary scholars and the historians differ in which of the following ways?
A. the amount of scholarship that they produce
B. the nature of their geographic focus
C. the extent to which they are critical of early capitalism
D. the extent to which they are interested in interdisciplinary study
E. The extent to which they restrict their focus to a particular time period
2. The passage cites which of the following as a reason for historians’ failure to fully exploit literary criticism?
A. historians’ overly thematic approach to literature
B. historians’ conservative notion of what constitutes literature
C. historian’s lack of interest in critical theory
D. the distinctive nature of much literary criticism E. the ahistorical quality of much literary criticism
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
75
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 67
In 1755 British writer Samuel Johnson published an acerbic letter to Lord Chesterfield rebuking his patron for neglect and declining further support. Johnson’s rejection of his patron’s belated assistance has often been identified as a key moment in the history of publishing, marking the end of the culture of patronage. However, patronage had been in decline for 50 years, yet would survive, in attenuated form, for another 50. Indeed, Johnson was in 1762 awarded a pension by the Crown—a subtle form of sponsorship, tantamount to state patronage. The importance of Johnson’s letter is not so much historical as emotional; it would become a touchstone for all who repudiated patrons and for all who embraced the laws of the marketplace.
1. The author of the passage mentions Johnson’s 1762 pension award in order to
A. reveal that Johnson remained consistent in his rebuke of Lord Chesterfield well after 1755 B. provide evidence for a general trend in the latter half of the eighteenth century of private patronage’s being replaced by state sponsorship
C. situate the debate over the end of patronage within the wider realm of eighteenth-century economic history
D. suggest that Johnson’s letter to Chesterfield was noticed by the Crown only years after it was published
E. emphasize that patronage still helped support Johnson’s writing after his letter to Chesterfield
2. Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted phrase in the context of the passage as a whole? (patronage had been in decline for 50 years, yet would survive, in attenuated form, for another 50)
A. It points out the most obvious implications of Johnson’s letter to his patron.
B. It suggests a motivation for Johnson’s rejection of Chesterfield’ s patronage.
C. It provides information that qualifies the assertion that Johnson’s letter sharply defined of the end of a publishing era.
D. It provides a possible defense for Chesterfield’s alleged neglect of Johnson.
E. It refutes the notion the patrons are found primarily among the nobility.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
76
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 68
Historically, more cold-adapted antelope species originating in Eurasia have migrated into Africa, where the climate is generally warmer, than have warm-adapted African species into Eurasia. A likely explanation for this involves the fact that intercontinental migrations require both a land bridge connecting the two continents and the suitable habitat both on and across that land bridge. During periods of climatic cooling, such as the various ice ages, the land bridge is open for a long time (because sea level remains low) and is usable by cold-adapt species because cool habitats then extend across it. Thus during cooling most migrants would be expected to travel toward Africa, which is near the equator, since this is the direction dictated by habitat changes on a cooling Earth. In contrast, when the Earth is warm, the land bridge is reduced or gone because sea level is relatively high then. Only during the short lag between onset of global temperature change and sea level response can warm-adapted species migrate from the equator toward higher latitudes.
1. According to the passage, which of the following is true of an Eurasia-Africa land bridge during ice ages?
A. It offers suitable habitats for cold-adapted species of antelope.
B. It encourages migration from Africa to Eurasia of cold-adapted species of antelope.
C. It allows the survival of warm-adapted species of antelope that might otherwise home extinct.
D. It is more likely to exist early in an ice age than later in an ice age.
E. The habitats it offers change more quickly than do those offered by land bridges during other periods.
2. The author of the passage implies that during the “short lag”, a land bridge between Africa and Eurasia would
A. be inhabited primarily by species of antelope originating in Eurasia
B. be characterized by areas of widely varying elevation above sea level
C. be inhabited by a wide diversity of antelope species
D. contain habitats that could sustain warm-adapt antelope species
E. contain habitats similar to habitats at much higher latitudes in Eurasia
3. According to the passage, which of the following best accounts for the apparent bias in antelope-migration direction? 
A. Warm-adapted antelope species are rarely able to tolerate cool habitats, whereas cold- adapted antelope species usually can tolerate warm habitats.
B. During global warming periods, land bridges, when present, lack habitats suitable for sustaining warm-adapted antelope species.
C. Under most climatic conditions, Africa offers a larger number of suitable antelope habitats than does Eurasia.
D. Many more species of antelope have originated in Eurasia than have originated in Africa. E. Land bridges are more likely to exist when climate change favors migration to warmer climates than when climate changes favors migration to cooler climates.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
77
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 69
Historian Colin Calloway argues that in the late colonial period preceding the American Revolution (1775-1783), the British government sought to seal off territory west of the Appalachian Mountain from the encroachment of land-hungry White settlers, to negotiate with Native American peoples as independent foreign states, and to guarantee the integrity of traditional native American hunting grounds. By contrast, White Americans, released by the out break of the Revolution from the constraints of Britain’s allegedly benevolent policies, are portrayed by Calloway as ruthless land-grabbers whose new national government endorsed their rapacity. Bernard Bailyn argues, however, that the “Americans” who encroached on Native American land during the Revolution had been British only a few years before. When, during and after the Revolution, White Americans seized Native American land by any available means, they were continuing a tradition dating back to the earliest years of English settlement in North America. And, according to Bailyn, the British government’s prewar efforts to preserve the trans-Appalachian west for Native Americans resulted not from humanitarian virtue or ethnic tolerance but from British Merchants’ desire to maintain their lucrative trade with native Americans and the government’ s desire to control immigration and avoid costly conflict between White and Native Americans over land.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. suggest that two different arguments about a particular historical period are both questionable
B. present historical evidence that undermines a widely accepted viewpoints
C. defend a revisionist historian’s thesis against traditionalist criticism
D. outline opposing interpretations of a particular historical phenomenon
E. resolve a dispute among historians over a controversial historical episode
2. The reference to “the earliest years of English settlement in North America” serves primarily to emphasize the point that
A. Calloway has exaggerated the ruthlessness and rapacity of White settlers in their relations with native Americans prior to the American Revolution.
B. Seizure of Native American lands by White settlers had increased dramatically throughout the time of British Colonial rule.
C. At one time White settlers had negotiated with Native American people as independent foreign states.
D. White settlers had no legitimate ground for claiming title to land they seized west of the Appalachian Mountains.
E. Aggression by White settlers against Native Americans during and after the American Revolution was not a new phenomenon.
3. It can be inferred that both Bailyn and Calloway would probably agree with which of the following assertions regarding the relations between White Americans and Native Americans concerning the trans-Appalachian west
A. The American Revolution unleashed an unprecedented wave of expropriation of Native American land by White settlers.
B. The British government’s prewar policy towards the Native Americans was determined largely by the interests of British merchants who traded with the Native Americans.
C. The British government tried to keep White settlers out of the trans-Appalachian west primarily in order to prevent disputes over land between those settlers and Native Americans. D. The new national colonial government to negotiate with Native American peoples as independent foreign states.
E. One objective of the British government’s land policy prior to the American revolution was to prevent White settlers from moving to the western side of the Appalachian Mountains.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
78
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 70
The main exception to primate researchers’ general pattern has been the study of male care among monogamous primates. It has been known for over 200 years, ever since a zoologist- illustrator named George Edwards decided to watch the behavior of pet marmosets in a London garden, that among certain species of New World monkeys males contributed direct care for infants that equaled or exceeded that given by females. Mothers among marmosets and tamarins typically give birth to twins, as often as twice a year, and to court the female in her staggering reproductive burden the male carries the infant at all times except when the mother is actually suckling it. It was assumed by Kleiman that monogamy and male confidence of paternity were essential to the evolution of such care, and at the same time, it was assumed by Symons and others that monogamy among primates must be fairly rare.
Recent findings, however, make it necessary to reverse this picture. First of all, monogamy among primates turns out to be rather more frequent than previously believed (either obligate or facultive monogamy can be documented for some 17-20 percent of extant primates) and second, male care turns out to be far more extensive than previously thought and not necessarily confined to monogamous species, according to Hrdy. Whereas previously, it was assumed that monogamy and male certainty of paternity facilitated the evolution of male care, it now seems appropriate to consider the alternative possibility that the extraordinary capacity of male primates to look out for the fates of infants did in some way pre-adapt members of this order for the sort of close, long-term relationships between males and females that, under some ecological circumstances, leads to monogamy. Either scenario could be true. The point is that on the basis of present knowledge there is no reason to view male care as a restricted or specialized phenomenon. In sum, though it remains true that mothers among virtually all primates devote more time and/ or energy to rearing infants than do males, males nonetheless play a more varied and critical role in infant survival than is generally realized.
1. The author the passage mentions the work of Hrdy primarily to A. present an instance of untenable assumption
B. illustrate a consensus by citing a representative claim
C. provide evidence that challenges a belief
D. highlight a corollary og a widespread view E. offer data that help resolve a debate
2. According to the passage, the evolutionary relationship between male care and monogamy is
A. incontestable
B. immutable
C. uncommon D. immaterial E. uncertain
3. The author of the passage suggests that it is “appropriate to consider the alternative possibility” because the previous view
A. results in a contradiction
B. depends on problematic data
C. appears less definite given certain facts
D. conflates two distinct phenomena
E. overlooks a causal relationship between correlated phenomena
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
79
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 4. Which of the following statement, if true, would provide the greatest support to “the alternative possibility”?
A. The number of primate species in which male care of infants is exhibited is greater than the number of primate species that practice monogamy.
B. Male care of infants among primates can be seen earlier in the evolutionary record than can monogamy among primates.
C. Monogamous relationships among primates can be found in species living in a variety of physical environments.
D. Most primate species that practice monogamy do not show any evidence of male care of infants.
E. Male care of infants can be observed in some primate species that lack male confidence of paternity.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
80
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 71
The Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, ratified in 1868,prohibits state governments from denying citizens the “equal protection of the laws.” Although precisely what the framers of the amendment meant by this equal protection clause remains unclear, all interpreters agree that the framers’ immediate objective was to provide a constitutional warrant for the Civil Rights Act of 1866, which guaranteed the citizenship of all persons born in the United States and subject to United States jurisdiction. This declaration, which was echoed in the text of the Fourteenth Amendment, was designed primarily to counter the Supreme Court’s ruling in Dred Scott v. Sandford that Black people in the United States could be denied citizenship. The act was vetoed by President Andrew Johnson, who argued that the Thirteenth Amendment, which abolished slavery, did not provide Congress with the authority to extend citizenship and equal protection to the freed slaves. Although Congress promptly overrode Johnson’s veto, supporters of the act sought to ensure its constitutional foundations with the passage of the Fourteenth Amendment.
The broad language of the amendment strongly suggests that its framers were proposing to write into the Constitution not a laundry list of specific civil rights but a principle of equal citizenship that forbids organized society from treating any individual as a member of an inferior class. Yet for the first eight decades of the amendment’s existence, the Supreme Court’s interpretation of the amendment betrayed this ideal of equality. In the Civil Rights Cases of 1883, for example, the Court invented the “state action” limitation, which asserts that “private” decisions by owners of public accommodations and other commercial business to segregate their facilities are insulated form the reach of the Fourteenth Amendment’s guarantee of equal protection under the law.
After the Second World War, a judicial climate more hospitable to equal protection claims culminated in the Supreme Court;s ruling in Brown v. Board of Education that racially segregated schools violated the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. Two doctrines embraced by the Supreme Court during this period extended the amendment’s reach. First, the Court required especially strict scrutiny of legislation that employed a “suspect classification,” meaning discrimination against a group on grounds that could be construed as racial. This doctrine has broadened the application of the Fourteenth Amendment to other, nonracial forms of discrimination, for while some justices have refused to find any legislative classification other than race to be constitutionally disfavored, most have been receptive to arguments that at least some nonracial discriminations, sexual discrimination in particular, are “suspect” and deserve this heightened scrutiny by the courts. Second, the Court relaxed the state action limitation on the Fourteenth Amendment, bringing new forms of private conduct within the amendment’ s reach.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
81
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 1. Which of the following best describes the main idea of the passage?
A. By presenting a list of specific rights, framers of the Fourteenth Amendment were attempting to provide a constitutional basis for broad judicial protection of the principle of equal citizenship
B. Only after the Supreme Court adopted the suspect classification approach to reviewing potentially discrimination legislation was the applicability of the Fourteenth Amendment extended to include sexual discrimination
C. Not until after the Second World War did the Supreme Court begin to interpret the Fourteenth Amendment in a manner consistent with the principle of equal citizenship that it express.
D. Interpreters of the Fourteenth Amendment have yet to reach consensus with regard to what its framers meant by the equal protection clause
E. Although the reluctance of judges to extend the reach of the Fourteenth Amendment to nonracial discrimination has betrayed the principle of equal citizenship, the Supreme Court’s use of the state action limitation to insulate private activity fro the amendment’s reach has been more harmful.
2. The passage suggests that the principle effect of the state action limitation was to
A. allow some discriminatory practices to continue unimpeded by the Fourteenth Amendment B. influence the Supreme Court’s ruling in Brown v. Board of Education
C. provide expanded guidelines describing prohibited actions
D. prohibit states from enacting laws that violated the intent of the Civil Rights Act of 1866
E. shift to state government the responsibility for enforcement of laws prohibiting discriminatory practices
3. The author’s position regarding the intent of the framers of the Fourteenth Amendment would be most seriously undermined if which of the following were true?  
A. The framers had anticipated state action limitations as they are described in the passage. B. The framers had merely sought to prevent discriminatory acts by federal officials.
C. The framers were concerned that the civil rights act of 1866 would be overturned by the Supreme Court.
D. The framers were aware that the phrase “equal protection of the laws”had broad implications.
E. The framers believed that racial as well as non-racial forms of discrimination were unacceptable.
4. According to the passage, the original proponents of the Fourteenth Amendment were primarily concerned with  
A. detailing the rights afforded by the principle of equal citizenship
B. providing support in the Constitution for equal protection for all citizens of the United States C. closing a loophole that could be used to deny individuals the right to sue for enforcement of their civil rights
D. asserting that the civil rights protect by the Constitution included nonracial discrimination as well as racial discrimination
E. granting state government broader discretion in interpreting the Civil Rights Act in 1866
5. The author implies that the Fourteenth Amendment might not have been enacted if
A. congress’ authority with regard to legislating civil rights had not been challenged
B. the framers has anticipated the Supreme Courts ruling in Brown v. Board of Education
C. the framers had believed that it would be used in deciding cases of discrimination involving non-racial groups
D. most state governments had been willing to protect citizens’ civil rights
E. its essential elements had not been implicit in the Thirteenth Amendment
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
82
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 6. According to the passage, which of the following most accurately indicates the sequence of the events listed below?
I. civil rights act of 1866
II. Dred Scott v. Sandford
III. Fourteenth Amendment
IV. Veto by President Johnson A. I II III IV
B. I IV II III
C. I IV III II
D. II I IV III
E. III II I IV
7. Which of the following can be inferred about the second of the two doctrines (highlighted sentence) of the passage?
A. It caused some justice to rule that all types of discrimination are prohibited by the Constitution.
B. It shifted the focus of the Supreme Court from racial to nonracial discrimination.
C. It narrowed the concern of the Supreme Court to legislation that employed a suspect classification.
D. It caused legislators who were writing new legislation to reject language that could be construed as permitting racial discrimination.
E. It made it more difficult for commercial business to practice racial discrimination.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
83
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 72
Roughly 250 million years ago, in the worst series of mass extinction in Earth’s history, almost all species of life simply vanished. The traditionally held view has been that these extinctions occurred gradually, as changing environmental conditions—global cooling, global warming, dropping sea levels, or some combination of such factors—made life increasingly difficult during the last stages of the Permian period (284-245 million years ago). As Permian life-forms declined, they reached a fatal threshold and species succumbed to mass extinction. Supporters of the traditionalist view note that species begin disappearing from the fossil record well before the end of the Permian period. Yet, while such a pattern could have resulted from a slowly rising extinction rate, some scientists argue that just because a species disappears from the fossil record doesn’t necessarily mean it became extinct at that point. Moreover, Paul Wignall and others have found sites where marine fossil deposits reached a peak of diversity at the very end of the Permian period. Thus, Wignall believes late-Permian marine life was thriving until it was decimated suddenly by some catastrophe.
Some geoscientists think that this catastrophe involved a meteor striking the earth. Michael Rampino, for instance, claims that a giant meteor crashed into Gondwanaland (the southern portion of the supercontinent Pangea, which covered about 30 percent of the globe in Permian times), setting off intense volcanism. Airborne soot and dirt from the impact blanketed Earth, inhibiting photosynthesis and triggering mass extinction of species. This view is widely disputed by traditionalists, however, Grant Young, for example, holds that the gradual breakup of the Pangean supercontinent triggered widespread climatic change and glaciation,causing the Permian mass extinctions to occur over million of years. Glaciation, Young claims, has occurred throughout Earth’s history, and there is evidence that it occurred toward the end off the Permian period. Yet Rampino and others question one of the traditionalists’ basic assumption: the periodic occurrence of glaciation throughout Earth’s history. Crucial evidence includes the rock deposits know as tillites, because they resemble the unstratified drift produced by modern glaciers, geologists have long considered tillites to be signposts of glaciation. When trying to determine whether particular sedimentary layers represent tillite deposits, geologists look for stones with faceted shapes, scratched surfaces, and other features that presumably resulted from glacial action. The problem with ascribing all tillites to glaciation, however, is that tillite deposits are widespread in Precambrian sediments. Yet temperatures during the Precambrian (3.8 billion to 540 million years ago)are thought to have been warmer than those in today’s nonglacial world. Thus, Rampino thinks that certain tillites were produced by meteor impacts, not glaciers. The first compelling evidence that meteor impacts might have produced tillites came from Moon rocks that showed the same features as earthly tillites. Since no one believes the Moon ever had glaciers, that leaves but one possible cause: impacts.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. consider new applications for a traditional methodology
B. present a challenge to an established idea
C. question the purported severity of a particular phenomenon D. discuss the implications of a controversial position
E. identify similarities underlying two contrasting arguments
2. According to the passage, the claim that all terrestrial tillites resulted from glacial action is undermined by the
A. surface features of most terrestrial tillites
B. resemblance that exists between terrestrial tillites and unstratified drift
C. number of terrestrial tillites that date from the Precambrian period D. facts that most terrestrial tillites are found in sedimentary deposits E. evidence that they resemble the drift produced by modern glaciers
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
84
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 3. It can be inferred from the passage that author would agree that the similarity between terrestrial tillites and certain Moon rocks is significant because this similarity
A. suggest that it is unlikely that glaciers have produced tillites on Earth
B. suggest that the rate of meteor impacts on the Moon is much higher than previously thought C. provides the first compelling evidence that the Moon has experienced meteor impacts
D. supports Rampino’s explanation regarding the origin of certain terrestrial tillits
E. supports Young’s claim, regarding the periodic occurrence of glaciers throughout Earth’s history
4. The passage suggests that the supporters of the traditional view would be most likely to disagree with the “scientists”(highlighted) over which of the following regarding the fossil
record during the Permian period?
A. the number of species that disappeared from the fossil record during the Permian period B. the significance of a species disappearance from the fossil record during the Permian period
C. the point in time at which species began disappearing from the fossil record during the Permian period
D. the likelihood that the fossil record during the Permian period will be supplemented by new fossil discoveries
E. the likelihood that the fossil record during the Permian period is as accurate as the fossil records of other periods
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
85
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 73
Jane Austen’ s relationship to Romanticism has long been a vexed one. Although her dates (1775-1817) place her squarely within the period, she traditionally has been studied apart from the male poets whose work defined British Romanticism for most of the twentieth century. In the past her novels were thought to follow an Augustan mode at odds with the Romantic ethos. Even with the advent of historicist and feminist criticism, which challenged many previous characterizations of Austen as detached from the major social, political and aesthetic currents of her time, she continued to be distinguished from her male contemporaries. Jerome McCann, for example, insists that Austen does not espouse the Romantic ideology. Anne Mellor declares that Austen, along with other “leading women intellectual and writers of the day” “did not”, participate in the Romantic “spirit of the age” but instead embraced an alternative ideology that Mellor labels “feminine Romanticism”.
To be sure, some critics throughout the years have argued for Austen’s affinities with one or more of the male Romantic poets. A special issue of the Wordsworth Circle (Autumn 1976)was devoted to exploring connections between Austen and her male contemporaries. Clifford Siskin in his historicist study of Romanticism argued that Austen does participate in the same major innovation, the naturalization of belief in a developing self, as thatcharacterized in Wordsworth’s poetry and other key works from the period. Recently, three books have appeared (by Clara Tuite, William Galperin, and William Deresiewicz) that in various ways treat Austen as a Romantic writer and together signal a shift in the tendency to segregate the major novelist of the age from the major poets.
The present essay seeks to contribute to this goal of firmly integrating Austen within the Romantic movement and canon. It does so by pointing out affinities between Austen and a writer with whom she has not commonly been associated, John Keats. Most comparisons of Austen and the Romantic poets have focused on Wordsworth and Byron, whose works we know she read. Although Austen could not have read Keats’ s poems, which only began to appear in print during the last years of her life, and there is no evidence that Keats knew Austen’ s novels, a number of important similarities can be noted in these writers’ works that provide further evidence to link Austen with the Romantic movement, especially the period of second-generation Romanticism when all of her novels were published.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. reconcile two competing positions in an ongoing critical debate
B. develop a counterargument against a recent interpretation of a writer’s work
C. provide support for a new approach to a writer’s work
D. illustrate the contradictions experienced by women writers during a certain period E. explain a writer’s detachment from the major intellectual currents of a period
2. The author of the passage describes Austen’s relationship to Romanticism as “vexed” mainly because
A. her novels do not follow the Augustan mode to the extent the poetry of her contemporaries did
B. her views seem to be at odds with those of male writer whose works defined British Romanticism
C. her novels were written during the Romantic period, yet she is not treated as a Romantic writer
D. her novels are critical of the Romantic ideology, embracing instead an alternative ideology sometimes described as “feminine Romanticism”
E. she achieved recognition for her novels, whereas the Romantic era is better know for its poetry
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
86
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 3. According to to the passage, compared to critics trained in “historicist and feminist criticism” (highlighted)earlier critics of Austen were
A. more likely to represent her as isolated from the major intellectual currents of her period B. more likely to represent her as departing from Augustan modes of thought
C. more likely to find connections between her novels and Romantic poetry
D. less likely to neglect the influence of Romantic ideology on her work
E. less likely to notice affinities between Austen and her female counterparts
4. The author of the passage would be most likely to agree with which of the following statements about the concept of “feminine Romanticism”(highlighted)?
A. It bought about Austen’ s vexed relationship to Romanticism by implying that Austen embraced relatively few elements of the Romantic ideology.
B. It contributes to Austen’ s vexed relationship to Romanticism by keeping her separate from the male writers whose poetry is central to the period.
C. It ameliorates Austen’ s vexed relationship to Romanticism by emphasizing affinities between he and other leading women intellectuals of the day.
D. It ameliorates Austen’ s vexed relationship to Romanticism by capturing the notion of an alternative Romantic ideology that she espoused.
E. It resolves Austen’ s vexed relationship to Romanticism by demonstrating her affinity with Romantic ideology.
Passage 74
The damage that trucks do to highways escalates dramatically with the weight borne per axle. New regulations increase the maximum permitted vehicle weight; these regulations will therefore allow onto the highway trucks capable of doing even more damage than those currently permitted.
1. The argument is open up to criticism on the grounds that it
A. fails to establish that the level of damage done by trucks is a serious problem
B. omits evidence about one of the two relevant factors
C. ignores the possibility that careful driving can lessen damage to highways
D. presumes that trucks are the only vehicles capable of causing substantial damage to highways
E. presumes that something is bound to happen just because it is allowed to happen
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
87
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 75
Normally, seeds of Emmenathe penduliflora stay dormant for years and germinate only when a fire burns through their habitat. Nitrogen dioxide in the smoke induces the seeds to germinate. Fires clear the brush, allowing germinating seeds to receive the sunlight they need to grow. The plants mature quickly, produce seeds, and then die. In areas with heavy automobile traffic, however, the seed germinates in the absence of fire, with automobile exhaust supplying the required nitrogen dioxide.
1. The information given, if accurate, most strongly supports which of the following hypotheses?
A. Fires in the habitat of E. Penduliflora do not entirely destroy the plant’s seeds even in the places where the fires burn most intensely.
B. The nitrogen dioxide in automobile exhaust cannot harm plants of E. Penduliflora after germination.
C. If human intervention decreases the number of fires in the habitat of E. Penduliflora, automobile exhaust can replicate the conditions the plant requires in order to thrive.
D. Within the habitat of E. Penduliflora, natural fires are significantly more frequent in areas with heavy automobile traffic than they are in other areas.
E. Unless E. Penduliflora seeds that have germinated can survive in the shade, automobile exhaust threatens the long-term survival of the plant in areas with heavy automobile traffic.
Passage 76
In most coastal regions, the level of the sea is rising in relation to the land by one to two millimeters a year, and this trend would be explained by the hypothesis that at the North and South Poles, the amount of ice that melts during the summer now exceeds the amount forms during the winter. The hypothesis is not undermined by observations that sea levels are falling relative to the Scandinavian coast by four millimeters a year. Much land in northern latitudes, including Scandinavia, is still rising in response to being freed of the enormous weight of the ice that used to cover it during the last ice age, and in Scandinavia the land is now rising faster than the sea.
In the passage, the two highlighted portions play which of the following roles?
A. The first states observation the accuracy of which is challenged in the passage; the second is part of the ground on which that challenge is based.
B. The first states observations that, according to the passage, are incompatible with a certain hypothesis; the second is part of the grounds offered in support of a revision of that hypothesis.
C. The first states observations that, according to the passage , can be reconciled with a certain hypothesis; the second describes a phenomenon that is factual basis of that reconciliation.
D. The first presents a phenomenon, two competing explanations of which are considered in the passage; the second is the explanation of the phenomenon that the passage argues is correct.
E. The first provides evidence against a position; the second is that position.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
88
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 77
Editors of major United States news magazines have been criticized for reducing the amount of space these magazines devote to international news. According to these editors, however, readers are wholly to blame for the reductions. After all, the editors point out, sales of magazine issues that prominently feature international news stories have declined significantly, and declining sales reflect declining reader interest. Yet even if true, this evidence does not refute the contention that editors should bear some of the blame for the reductions, unless editors are merely passive instruments responding to reader interest. And that is clearly an untenable view, since editors can often intensify reader interest in a news topic by giving it frequent coverage.
In the argument as a whole, the two highlighted portions play which of the following roles?
A. The first is evidence that has been used to support a position that the argument opposes; the second is a point that the argument raises to cast doubt on the reasoning used to support that position.
B. The first presents a claim, the truth of which is evaluated in the argument, the second is information introduced to cast doubt on that claim.
C. The first presents a claim,the truth of which is evaluated in the argument, the second provides evidence in support of that claim.
D. The first cites evidence in support of the main conclusion of the argument, the second states that conclusion.
E. The first states an assumption that is explicitly made to support the main conclusion of the argument, the second is a position that the argument as whole opposes.
Passage 78
Benovians set their clocks back an hour for the winter. The result is that, during winter’s short days, it is light when most commuters drive to work, but dark when they drive back home. Darkness contributes to accidents. Changing the clocks, however, does not actually increase the amount of driving done in the dark, so it is unlikely to have any effect on Benovia’s automobile accident rate.
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument relies?
A. The average number of hours that Benovians drive when it is dark is greater for days during the winter than for days during other times of the year.
B. In Benovia, hazards to safe driving that are made worse by darkness are as likely to occur in the morning as in the evening.
C. The majority of cars on Benovia’s roads during a given day are those of people commuting to or from work.
D. The majority of automobile accidents in Benovia take place when it is dark.
E. Driving conditions are no worse in Benovia in the winter than during the rest of the year.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
89
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 79
Elizabeth Bishop’s Complete Poems(1927-1979) has come to seem to most of its readers so achieved and sufficient as a life’s work that it is hard not to lose sight of how slowly Bishop wrote poems and of how few poems, finally, she completed. But Bishop herself never ceased to find her productivity inadequate. The size and pace of her output were always in her eyes a failing (vaguely moral in complexion) for which she apologized throughout her career, although, as I will argue in this essay, Bishop’s inability to write more poems than she did was also a refusal to do so. The small, manageable size of Bishop’s body of work has facilitated its extraordinary critical reception since her death. (Robert Lowell, whose oeuvre is so much larger, has never had a complete edition of his poetry published.) Yet the size of her work is also a sign of Bishop’s alienation, that is, her uneasy, resistant relation to the literary culture that today claims her as the major poet of her generation.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1. The passage indicates that the small size of Bishop’s body of work contributed to bringing about which of the following?
A. bishop’s alienation from the literary culture of her generation
B. the favorable scholarly attention that Bishop’s work has received since her death
C. an interest among readers regarding why Bishop wrote so slowly
2. In the context in which it appears, “complexion” most nearly means A. appearance
B. constitution
C. hue
D. intricacy E. personality
Passage 80
Shoreland County recently purchased an area of wilderness land in the county to prevent it from being developed. In doing so, the county has forfeited all future property taxes on this land. Property taxes are assessed on market value, and if developed, the land would have contributed significantly to the county’s overall annual tax revenue. Because of the purchase, therefore, overall annual tax revenue will be lower than it would have been if development had occurred.
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?
A. The money the county would have had to expend for services to residences or industry developed on the wilderness land would have exceeded the tax revenue from the developed land.
B. The market value of undeveloped properties in Shoreland County will not increase significantly in the foreseeable future.
C. The property taxes received by Shoreland County from the previous owners of the wilderness area were insignificant relative to the county’s overall annual tax revenue.
D. Land near the area bought by the county will not increase significantly in market value as a result of being near wilderness that is protected from development.
E. Shoreland County will not in the foreseeable future prevent the development of any other land in the county.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
90
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 81
Following the United States Civil War(1861-1865), many former slaves in the rural South became sharecroppers (raising a landlord’s crop for a share of the profits) or tenant farmers(selling what they raised and paying a share of the profits as rent). Most historians tend to depict these African American rural reformers as Robert Lloyd Smith, founder of the Farmers’ Improvement Society of Texas, and Joseph Elward Clayton, the first African American to organize farmers’ institutes for the Texas Department of Agriculture, as anti-racists. Both men advocated comfortable homes and better schools for African Americans, both attributed poverty and illiteracy to causes other than racism, such as insect damage to crops, and both worked to keep Black farmers on the land, although Smith opposed farm tenancy system on Black farmers and of accommodating racism. While the extent of these reformers’ influence requires more study, their organizations provided a voice for African American farmers seeking to improve their positions in the agrarian South.
1. The passage is primarily concerned with
A. restoring the reputations of two reformers whose accomplishments have long been denigrated by historians
B. refuting criticism of two reformers made by their contemporaries by demonstrating that those criticisms are baseless
C. providing evidence to support a claim that historians’ understanding of a particular phenomenon may be incomplete
D. discussing some of the reasons that two reformers who were well-known during their lifetimes are considered by historians today to have been ineffective
E. suggesting an alternative interpretation of the effect of the farm tenancy system on the economy of the rural South following the Civil War
2. The author of the passage would most likely agree with which of the following statements concerning Smith and Clayton?
A. More research is required to determine whether or not their organizations were typical of those established to aid African American framers in the post-Civil War rural South
B. Their contributions to the improvement of the living conditions of African American framers were overshadowed by subsequent political controversy
C. Their achievements as reformers have been exaggerated by many historians of the post- Civil War period
D. There is evidence demonstrating that they were committed to aiding African American farmers in the rural South.
E. The extent of the criticism made about them by their contemporaries is difficult to determine.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
91
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 82
TEB Attorney: TEB Corporation has been accused of not doing enough to discourage its executives from defrauding the government. This accusation is obviously false, since TEB, following its own written policy, rewards those who report the wrongdoing of others and promptly fires proven wrongdoers.
Which of the following, if true, most seriously undermines the attorney’s argument in defense of TEB?
A. “Wrongdoing” is defined in TEB corporate policies as “any activity by a TEB employee that defrauds TEB.”
B. TEB has instituted what it calls “customer friendly” policies of responding to every complaint customers make
C. The government is not TEB’ s sole client, nor even its major client.
D. Defrauding the government would have to involve more than one employee of any company that did so.
E. Those who have accused TEB of not doing enough to discourage its executives from defrauding the government have themselves been government employees.
Passage 83
Throughout much of the Tertiary period( most of the past 65 million years), the Arctic supported continuous forests. Only toward the end of that period does the fossil evidence show that certain present-day Arctic plants were established and widely distributed throughout the Arctic. Many Arctic plants are thought to have originated in the high mountain ranges of central Asia and North America, to have spread northward to the Arctic as global temperatures fell in the late Tertiary, and to have achieved a circumpolar distribution by the end of the Tertiary(about 2 million years ago). However, fossil evidence to support these proposals is either lacking or fragmentary. Consequently, the routes by which these plants expanded their ranges during their colonization of the Arctic remain unknown.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1. Which of the following statements about Arctic plants is supported by the passage?
A. The decline in global temperature in the late Tertiary prevented many high-mountain plants from becoming established in the Arctic.
B. There is not enough evidence to firmly establish the historical migration routes of present- day Arctic plants.
C. Present-day Arctic plants are less likely to leave fossil remains than are plants outside the Arctic
2. The context in which it appears, “distributed” most nearly means A. developed
B. isolated
C. dispersed
D. divided
E. disconnected
考满分All In One
考满分GRE阅读
92
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 84
Like Germany, but unlike other European nations, Norway industrialized rather late in the nineteenth century. Compared to Germany, however, Norway has a comparatively recent history of industrially based social classes and a much longer history of rather egalitarian class relations. The origin of Norwegian egalitarian predates industrialism and the rise of the labor movement. The preindustrial economy was based largely on a small independent peasantry who combined agriculture with fishing (in the north) or with forestry (in the south). Because Norway was under foreign rule for five centuries until 1905, and because the topography is unfavorable for large estates, a strong aristocracy and landowner class did not emerge in most of Norway. There were some exceptions to this pattern, especially in the southern regions where a landowner class did exist. Norway’s early social and economic history engendered egalitarianism, although, as has been pointed out by several observers, it was an equality of poverty.
1. The passage is primarily concerned with discussing the
A. link between poverty and equality in the preindustrial state
B. characteristics of industrial society shared by Norway and Germany C. effects of industrialization on social and economic relations in Norway D. roots of social equality in Norway
E. emergence of social classes in Norway and Germany
2. According to the passage, northern and southern Norway differed in which of the following ways in the nineteenth century?
A. a landowning class was more likely to be found in southern Norway than in northern Norway.
B. Southern Norwegian peasants relied primarily on fishing for subsistence, while Northern Norwegians relied on forestry.
C. agriculture was a significant activity in southern Norway but not in northern Norway
D. Southern Norway industrialized earlier than did northern Norway
E. foreign rule effected southern Norway more profoundly than it did northern Norway
3. The passage suggests which of the following about egalitarianism in Norway?
A. It was a source of social stability that helped Norway survive five centuries of foreign rule B. It manifested itself in the same way after industrialization as it had prior to industrialization C. It did not necessarily provide a high standard of living for most Norwegians
D. It produced a Norwegian industrialization that differed qualitatively from industrialization in other European countries in that the labor movement was less radical in Norway
E. It was more pervasive in southern than in northern Norway
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
93
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 85
The Rivera Art Museum recently began charging admission. The resulting decline in visitors has been far larger than at other local museums, which have also begun charging admission. The magnitude of the decline might be due to the Rivera’ s location near government offices. Because an admission charge is most discouraging to those who plan a short visit, it is likely that government workers who formerly made brief visits during lunchtime and after work now do not.
Which of the following, if true, most seriously undermines the proposed explanation?
A. The fee for admission to the Rivera is no larger than that charged by other museums
B. The Rivera does not keep track of how long individual visitors stay in the museum
C. The decline in visitors to the Rivera has been no greater in workdays than it has been on nonworking days
D. The museum with the smallest decline in visitors is the most popular with visitors from other countries
E. In the period between the announcement that there would be an admissions charge and its actual introduction, there was an increase in visitors at the Rivera.
Passage 86
The surface of Venus contains calcite, a mineral that absorbs the gas sulfur dioxide. Sulfur dioxide is often produced by volcanic activity and is plentiful in Venus’ atmosphere, so there must be a source, perhaps volcanic, producing sulfur dioxide on Venus.
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends? 
A. In the recent past, the level of sulfur dioxide in Venus’ atmosphere was not much higher than it is now.
B. If there is volcanic activity on the surface of Venus, it is not adequate to maintain the observed amount of sulfur dioxide in the atmosphere.
C. The sulfur dioxide in Venus’ atmosphere forms clouds that prevent direct observation of the surface.
D. Sulfur dioxide produced by volcanic activity on the Earth’s surface is also absorbed by minerals other than calcite.
E. The calcite on the surface of Venus is in sufficient supply to continue to absorb sulfur for millions of years to come.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
94
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 87
What accounts for the low-lying, flat surface of Mars’s north? On Earth’s surface, higher- and lower-lying areas have different types of crust: one, thin and dense, is pulled toward Earth’s center more strongly by gravity, and the planet’s water naturally comes to sit over it, creating oceans. The processes that generate this oceanic crust drive plate tectonics.
Is Mars’s north similarly characterized by a sort of crust different from other areas of the planet? Some researchers do see signs of tectonic activity surrounding the northern basin that suggest that it was created through the formation of new crust, like ocean basins on Earth. However, McGill points to Northern bedrock structures that predate the features said to mark the start of the tectonic process. McGill instead believes that through some novel mechanism the ancient surface sank to its current depth as a single unit. This would explain why features around the basin’s edge, which would have formed as the surface dropped, seem to be younger than structures at its floor.
The third possibility is that the northern lowlands result from impacts. Some researchers suggest they formed as a series of big overlapping impact craters. Others arguing that the odds against such a pattern of impacts are large, postulate a single event-the impact of an object bigger than any asteroid the solar system now contains.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. explore an analogy between aspects of the geology of Mars and the geology of Earth B. describe how a certain feature of Mars’s surface formed
C. point out the effect that new data has had on a scientific investigation
D. summarize potential explanations of a large-scale geological feature
E. present the rationale for a scientist’s theory and expose some of its weakness
2. Which of the following can be inferred from the passage about geological features on Earth A. the relative elevation of the lowest-lying regions of the crust arises in part from forces generated within the planet
B. the difference in elevation between the ocean basins and their surroundings is greater than the difference between Mars’s northern basin and its surroundings
C. the formation of low-lying areas proceeds by a different process than the one that created Mars’s northern basin
D. the weight of the oceans does not affect the depth of the ocean basins
E. the proportions of the crust that is oceanic crust is increasing
3. As presented in the passage, McGill’s account of the formation of Mars’s northern basin differs from the other mentioned in that it alone
A. explains the formation of certain northern bedrock features
B. does not specify the force that caused the northern basin to be lower than its surroundings C. takes the northern basin to be a landform that is not analogous to any found on Earth
D. denies that features around the northern basin are the result of tectonic activity
E. attributes the creation of the northern lowlands to processes occurring within the planet
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
95
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 88
The waters east of Cape Hangklip were once the center of a lucrative wild-caught abalone fishery, but illegal fishing in the mid-1990s escalated to such levels that the recreational fishery was closed in 2003. When abalones did not rebound, commercial fishing was also banned. Continue declines in abalone were attributed to poaching, but an invasion by rock lobsters during the early 1990s probably intensified the trend. Rock lobsters prey on sea urchins, and increased rock lobster densities coincided with significant decreases in urchins. In that area, urchins feed largely by trapping drift kelp, and in doing so provide juvenile abalone with both protective shelter and nourishment. Without urchins’ presence, juvenile abalones are less likely to survive to adulthood.
1. According to the passage, since the early 1900s, sea urchins in the waters east of Cape Hangklip have
A. significantly changed their feeding habits
B. suffered increased predation from a certain species
C. experienced increased competition for kelp, their main source of nourishment D. seen a sharp decline in the availability of kelp, due to environmental changes E. rebounded as commercial fishing in the region has declined
2. According to the passage, which of the following is a true statement about the feeding behaviors of sea urchins
A. They change according to the type of food available in an area.
B. They are responsible for the decline of abalones in some regions.
C. They have a significant impact on the young of another species. D. They make sea urchins more vulnerable to potential predators. E. They result in marked decline in certain regions.
Passage 89
Some conservationists, concerned about the rapid depletion through poachingof elephant herds in certain parts of Africa, are urging countries to which ivory is sold to ban ivory importation. This ban, they argue, would prevent ivory sellers from reaching their market, and elephant herds would have a chance to recover.
The conservationists’ recommendation as described is based on which of the following assumptions?
A. The capacity of any illegal channels that may exist for the sale of ivory in export markets cannot expand to meet demand in those markets
B. There now exist synthetic substitutes for ivory that are essentially indistinguishable from the natural product
C. Bans on imports of ivory need to be combined with intensified efforts to stop poaching in order to be effective
D. To the economies of those countries that have significant elephant herds, elephants are more valuable alive than dead
E. In some parts of Africa where poaching has depleted elephant herds, those herds are already beyond recovery
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
96
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 90
One of the reasons why many early British colonies in North America failed amid the New World’s abundance was that the settlers’ mindset prevented them from living like the native inhabitants. From Native Americans, the settlers learned such skills as building brushwood weirs to trap fish, but they did not adopt the real key to success: mobility. The whole intellectual foundation of European civilization was fixity- a worldview profoundly different from that of Native Americans, who moved in response to changing food resources. Settlers were drawn to North America by tales its extraordinary abundance, not realizing that abundance is seasonal. Culture and ecological knowledge allowed Native Americans to exploit different food sources at different time of year.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1. The author suggests which of the following about the early British colonies in North America that failed?
A. Their inhabitants’ worldview was deeply affected with native people and practices
B. Their inhabitants experienced critical food shortages in part because their culture hindered their ability to exploit seasonally available resources.
C. Their longevity would have been greater had the inhabitants adopted more of the fishing technologies used by Native Americans
2. The author mentions “brushwood weirs” primarily in order to
A. demonstrate that Native Americans provided certain forms of assistance to colonial settlers B. identify a skill that allowed Native Americans to thrive in regions where colonies failed to
C. distinguish the kinds of technologies used by Native Americans from those used by colonial settlers
D. acknowledge that colonial settlers adopted certain American ways even though they failed in the New World
E. contrast the assumptions of British colonial settlers and Native Americans in the New World
Passage 91
A mouse’s immune system generally rejects proteins different from those produced by that mouse. The immune system of a pregnant mouse does not, however, reject the mouse’s fetuses, although the fetal tissue a fetus produces as it develops typically contains many such proteins. Some scientists hypothesize that the placenta surrounding the fetus physically blocks the mother’s immune system. But others, noting that the placenta produces IDO, an enzyme that suppresses the immune system, hypothesize that IDO plays a crucial role in protecting the fetus.
In order to choose between the two hypotheses, it would be most useful to determine which of the following?
A. Whether mice sometimes produce IDO when they are not pregnant
B. Whether the immune systems of fetal mice are capable of attacking the tissue of the mother C. Whether there are cases in which the immune system of a pregnant mouse rejects some fetuses but not others
D. Whether IDO is the only substance capable of suppressing the immune system produced by mice
E. Whether the immune systems of pregnant mice that are given a drug that inhibits IDO production subsequently reject the fetus.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
97
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 92
Most popularizations of science actually do more harm than good. Why? The single most important feature of scientific work is not this or that specific result. Instead, what science accomplishes--and what physics in particular accomplishes so beautifully--is the linking of diverse phenomena, the binding together of a myriad of predictions and explanations. What nearly all popularizations do is systematically undermine the progressive reasoning that links principles, conventions, experiments, and laws. Bad science writing splinters the most interesting feature of science, its long run of connected argumentation, into isolated metaphors that last just long enough to evoke a particular result: black holes are said to be huge funnels and quantum electron orbits are characterized as diffuse clouds.
The author of the passage mentions black holes in order to provide
A. an instance of a factual error to which popularizations of science are prone
B. a metaphor for the emptiness typical of most popular science writing
C. a case in which a metaphor for a scientific process leads to a misunderstanding of that process
D. an example of the metaphorical explanations the author believes are typical of bad science writing
E. an illustration of a complex phenomenon for which most readers require simplified explanations
Passage 93
The use of nets at beach resorts to protect swimming areas from sharks has been criticized by environmentalists because the nets needlessly kill thousands of marine animals annually. However, environmentalists have recently discovered that an electrified cable buried beneath the periphery of swimming areas causes sharks to swim away while harming neither humans nor marine life. Hence, by installing such cables, resort communities will be able to maintain tourism while satisfying environmentalists' concerns.
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument?
A. Many seaside resort communities where sharks have never been sighted nonetheless paid to install buried electrified cables.
B. Tourism at resorts where sharks have been sighted has suffered only slightly despite the fact that many people claim to fear sharks.
C. Because they have a strong fear of sharks, many tourists prefer to swim at beaches that are known to be well protected from sharks.
D. The buried electrified cable is not the only innovation approved by environmentalists that is known to be successful in repelling sharks without harming them
E. The marine mammals that are a major tourist attraction at many resorts do not enter areas around which there are buried electrified cables.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
98
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 94
In general, naive individuals appear more likely to learn from interaction with familiar rather than unfamiliar members of their species. Kaveliers and colleagues (2005) reported that naive laboratory-bred deer mice showed greater social learning of defensive responses to biting flies after observing responses of familiar members than after observing responses of unfamiliar members. Earlier, Valsecchi and colleagues (1996) reported striking differences in social learning of food preferences among Mongolian gerbils, depending on whether they were exposed to familiar or unfamiliar demonstrators. At the time, this was unexpected because Gaief and colleagues (1984) had previously reported no familiarity effect in Norway rats on social learning of food preferences. However, Gaief et al (1998) subsequently uncovered a significant familiarity effect that was evident when demonstrators are some hours before interacting with observers but absent when demonstrators are immediately before interacting.
Which of the following can be inferred about the report by Gaief and colleagues (1984) as it is described in the passage?
A. It introduced a concept that the report by Kaveliers and colleagues was intended to clarify. B. It highlighted an inaccuracy in the report by Valsecchi and colleagues
C. It led to an incorrect supposition on the part of some scientists
D. It played an important role in developing an understanding of social learning between members of different species.
E. It suggested that the familiarity effect is stronger in some species than in others.
Passage 95
While historian Linda Nicholson sees women's participation in voluntary associations as activities consistent with the increasing relegation of women’s lives to a separate, “private” sphere in nineteenth-century Europe, historian Katherine Lynch argues that these kinds of activities enabled women to join with one another and to develop a kind of shadow citizenship within civil society, if not the formal state. These kinds of experiences were no substitute for actual political entitlements, Lynch suggests, but they deserve more attention for their importance in helping individuals forge enduring bonds of community and identity beyond domestic life. Only by limiting one’s notion of public life to formal political participation, she says, can one conclude that most women in Western society have ever been literally consigned to a separate or “private” sphere.
1. The phrase “These kinds of experiences” in the passage refers to experiences in Lynch’s view are
A. an early stage in women’s political participation
B. insufficiently appreciated for their role in women’s public life
C. properly assigned to the “private” sphere
D. a means of altering the political structure
E. historically atypical for women in Western society
2. The passage implies that Lynch would agree that formal political participation
A. was increasingly important as the nineteenth century progressed
B. was an underreported phenomenon among women in nineteenth century Europe within civil society
C. is crucial to helping individuals form community ties
D. is a significant component of public life
E. is indicative of a kind of shadow citizenship
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
99
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 96
In the 1600s there was intense competition in Europe to discover how to make porcelain. The two groups of Europeans working in China—Dutch merchants and French missionaries—each tried to discover the Chinese manufacturers’ secrets. The first French missionary journal, was not published until 1717, several years after European porcelain manufacture began. Therefore, rather than copying the Chinese techniques, the European manufacturers must have learned by experiment.
Which of the following, if true, provides the strongest support for the argument?
A. The techniques used by the first European makers of porcelain were essentially identical to techniques that Chinese porcelain maker used.
B. The first European-manufactured porcelain items were comparable in quality to some of the lower-quality porcelain that was then being imported into Europe from China.
C. The manuscript from which the 1717 journal article was published had been written down by French missionaries in China and sent to France some years before 1717.
D. The particular raw materials that are needed to make porcelain were not used in European ceramic making until the manufacture of porcelain began.
E. The first porcelain factory in Europe was founded in Germany by a manufacturer who had no channels of communication with China or Europeans working in China.
Passage 97
Editors of major United States newsmagazines have been criticized for reducing the amount of space these magazines devote to international news. According to these editors, however, readers are wholly to blame for the reductions. After all, the editors point out, sales of magazine issues that prominently feature international news stories have declined significantly, and declining sales reflect declining reader interest. Yet even if true, this evidence does not refute the contention that editors are merely passive instruments responding to reader interest. And that is clearly an untenable view, since editors can often intensify reader interest in a news topic by giving it frequent coverage.
In the argument as a whole, the two highlighted portions play which of the following roles?
A. The first is evidence that has been used to support a position that the argument opposes; the second is a point that the argument raises to cast doubt on the reasoning used to support that position.
B. The first presents a claim, the truth of which is evaluated in the argument; the second is information introduced to cast doubt on that claim.
C. The first presents a claim, the truth of which is evaluated in the argument; the second provides evidence in support of that claim.
D. The first cites evidence in support of the main conclusion of the argument; the second states that conclusion.
E. The first states an assumption that is explicitly made to support the main conclusion of the argument; the second is a position that the argument as a whole opposes.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
100
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 98
The crustaceans known as harpacticoids are very widespread in marine sediments, where they feed on microorganisms by ingesting the sediment particles to which the microorganisms adhere. Heavy metals, such as those found in industrial pollution, readily adhere to sediment particles. Harpacticoids are poisoned by heavy metals but are unaffected by most other pollutants. Therefore the concentration of harpacticoids in an area is a good indication of whether that marine environment contains heavy metals.
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument relies?
A. Industrial pollution is the principal source of heavy metals in marine sediments.
B. Harpacticoids are the only crustaceans that feed on microorganisms by ingesting sediment particles.
C. Harpacticoids are more susceptible to poisoning by heavy metals than are other marine organisms.
D. The microorganisms that harpacticoids feed on are not killed by pollutants that are harmless to harpacticoids.
E. The microorganisms that harpacticoids feed on absorb heavy metals.
Passage 99
Orcas are small whales that generally travel in groups called pods. Orcas that feed on marine mammals travel in very small pods, while those that feed on fish travel in relatively large pods. Since a larger pod has an increased collective ability to locate prey, it is likely that orcas that feed on mammals travel in small pods only because the mammals that they hunt can more easily detect a large pod and escape it.
Which of the following, if true, most strongly indicates that the conclusion is too sweeping?
A. Orcas that feed on fish almost always remain in the pod into which they were born, while orcas that feed on mammals will form new pods if the one they are in becomes too big.
B. No orcas have been observed to switch back and forth between feeding on fish and feeding on mammals.
C. Pods of orcas generally include at least on mother and one or two of her offspring.
D. Unlike marine mammals, fish generally travel in large schools, which can provide food for large pods of orcas.
E. Individuals from different pods interact frequently, and pods are small, such interaction predominantly foraging activities.
 
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
101
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 100
The male lion’s mane consists of hair of varying length and color, covering, to varying degrees, the head, neck, shoulders, and chest. Schaller suggested that the mane protects the area of the body “towards which most social contact is directed” by absorbing blows and bites. Darker mane hairs are thicker than lighter hairs, so darker manes may provide better protection. These ideas suggest that males with longer and darker manes will be wounded less frequently and/or with less severity on the area covered by the mane, but direct tests of this prediction are difficult. Individual males are seldom seen daily, and the mane itself obscures many wounds beneath it from view. Furthermore, even in the best studied population, serious fights between lions are rarely observed.
1. Which of the following best describe the function of the highlighted portion of the passage? A. to summarize the results of an experiment
B. to provide evidence on which a particular prediction is offered
C. to offer a counterexample that undermines a propelled explanation
D. to identify a phenomenon that Schaller found difficult to explain E. to explain the variation among individual lo manes
2. The passage mentions which of the following as an obstacle to verify the “prediction” mentioned in the passage?
A. Wounds to the mane area are often difficult to observe.
B. Only a few lion populations have been well studied.
C. The severity of fights between lions is difficult to determine.
D. Individual males seldom have strong distinguishing characteristics.
E. Researchers have relatively few opportunities to observe lion populations directly.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
102
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 101
This passage is adapted from material published in 1993
The recent recognition of a link between increasing rates of deforestation and increasing global climatic warming has focused new attention on the ecological role of forests. Deforestation threatens the continued existence of forests, and their loss would lead to an immediate, irreversible destabilization of the climate because the destruction of forests contributes to increased atmospheric concentrations of such heat-trapping gases as carbon dioxide and therefore to the acceleration of global warming.
The world is at present accumulating carbon dioxide in the atmosphere from two well-known sources the combustion of fossil fuels and deforestation. Deforestation results in higher levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere because the carbon stored in plants and trees is released when trees decay or are burned. A third sources, the warming-enhanced decay of organic matter in forests and soils, especially in the middle and higher latitudes, is now being recognized as potentially significant. Evidence is accumulating that carbon from this source is beginning to have global effects. Thus, two of the three sources of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere are directly related to the survival and health of forests.
In the discussion about the importance of forests, however, emphasize has fallen on biodiversity, or numbers of species per unit area, especially in the tropics, where such diversity is particularly high. But forests, it should be emphasized, have a similar role in every latitude they contain the largest numbers of different kinds of plants and animals of any community on land and might be considered the most highly developed of the terrestrial communities from the standpoint of complexity of structure and diversity of life and life forms. Forests are far more than simple collections of species, however, it is unfortunate that the discussion of biotic or living resources has been focused on biodiversity rather than on the actual ability of the land itself to support life. In order for the complete range of plant and animal life to thrive, the soil must contain essential nutrients in their proper quantities and proportions, and the atmosphere must be composed of the correct molecules in their proper proportions. If the soils were to become infertile and the atmosphere inhospitable, more than mere diversity or numbers of species would be lost, the land would become impoverished and no longer be able to support any life.
Deforestation almost invariably speeds up the loss of nutrients into watercourses. It also, as previously explained, involves a release of carbon into the atmosphere. Forests thus play a clear and critical role in helping to protect the capacity of the land to support life by increasing the retention of nutrients and in helping to stabilize the atmosphere by storing carbon.
1. The passage is primarily concerned with discussing the
A. importance of forests for protection the land and atmosphere B. role of forests in the tropics versus that in the higher latitudes. C. process of deforestation in the tropics
D. need for forests to ensure the preservation of biodiversity
E. negative effects of recent global climatic changes in forests.
2. According to the passage, the emphasis on preserving biodiversity in forests has had which of the following effects?
A. diverted attention from the importance of the land’s ability to support life.
B. led to recognition of the causes complexity of terrestrial communities.
C. led to an understanding of the causes of accelerated rates of global warming.
D. resulted in the formulation of the concept of biotic resources.
E. shifted attention away from the role of forests in stopping the accumulation of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
103
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 3. The passage suggests that the emphasis on a forests biodiversity has had which of the following unfortunate consequences?
A. It has fostered the view that forests have a similar role in every climate.
B. It has fostered the view that deforestation almost invariably speeds erosion
C. It has fostered resistance to preserving any forests but tropical ones.
D. It has led to an increase in the rate at which the land is becoming impoverished E. It has led to an underestimation of the importance of some forests
4. The primary purpose of the third paragraph of the passage is to
A. explain how the land supports life
B. explain what happens when soil becomes infertile
C. explain why a certain development in the discussion of forests is regrettable D. show that forests are far more than simple collections species
E. argue that forests with a small number of species are more important to the support of than forests with many species
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
104
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 102
A divide between aesthetic and technical considerations has played a crucial role in mapmaking and cartographic scholarship. Since nineteenth century cartographers, for instance, understood themselves as technicians who did not care about visual effects, while others saw themselves as landscape painters. That dichotomy structured the discipline of the history of cartography. Until the 1980s, in what Blakemore and Harley called “the Old is Beautiful Paradigm,” scholars largely focused on maps made before 1800, marveling at their beauty and sometimes regretting the decline of the pre-technical age. Early mapmaking was considered art while modern cartography was located within the realm of engineering utility. Alpers, however, has argued that this boundary would have puzzled mapmakers in the seventeenth century, because they considered themselves to be visual engineers.
1. According to the passage, Alpers would say that the assumptions underlying the “paradigm” were
A. inconsistent with the way some mapmakers prior to 1800 understand their own work
B. dependent on a seventeenth-century conception of mapmaking visual engineering
C. unconcerned with the difference between the aesthetic and technical questions of mapmaking
D. insensitive to divisions among cartographers working in the period after 1800
E. supported by the demonstrable technical superiority of mapmaking made after 1800
2. It can be inferred from the passage that, beginning in the 1980s, historians of cartography A. placed greater emphasis on the beauty of maps made after 1800
B. expanded their range of study to include more material created after 1800
C. grew more sensitive to the way mapmakers prior to 1800 conceived of their work
D. came to see the visual details of maps as aesthetic objects rather than practical cartographic aids
E. reduced the attention they paid to the technical aspects of mapmaking
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
105
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 103
Most mammals reach sexual maturity when their growth rates are in decline, whereas humans experience a growth spurt during adolescence. Whether apes experience an adolescent growth spurt is still undecided. In the 1950s, data on captive chimpanzees collected by James Gavan appeared devoid of evidence of an adolescent growth spurt in these apes. In a recent reanalysis of Gavan’s data, however, zoologist Elizabeth Watts has found that as chimpanzees reach sexual maturity, the growth rate of their limbs accelerates. Most biologists, however, are skeptical that this is a humanlike adolescent growth spurt. While the human adolescent growth spurt is physically obvious and affects virtually the entire body, the chimpanzee’s increased growth rate is detectable only through sophisticated mathematical analysis. Moreover, according to scientist Holly Smith, the growth rate increase in chimpanzees begins when 86% of full skeletal growth has been attained, whereas human adolescence generally commences when 77 percent of full skeletal growth has occurred.
1. Which of the following best describes the main idea of the passage?
A. Researchers have long disagreed about whether data collected in the 1950s indicate that chimpanzees and other apes experience an adolescent growth spurt.
B. Research data collected on chimpanzees living in captivity are inconclusive with respect to chimpanzees living in the wild.
C. The notion that apes do not experience an adolescent growth spurt has been confirmed by research conducted since.
D. Although the idea that apes experience an adolescent growth has received some support, most biologists remain unconvinced.
E. Although researchers agree that chimpanzees do not experience an adolescent growth spurt, they are divided in their opinions of whether this is true of other apes.
2. The passage mentions which of the following as one of the reasons why most biologists remain skeptical that chimpanzees experience a humanlike adolescent growth spurt?
A. Chimpanzees do not experience a demonstrable increase in growth rate until they are fully sexually mature.
B. The increase in growth rate that chimpanzees undergo at sexual maturity is less apparent than that of humans.
C. The increase in growth rate once regarded as a humanlike adolescent growth spurt in chimpanzees is too sporadic to be regarded as significant.
D. Not all chimpanzees undergo a calculable growth spurt.
E. Watt’s approach to analyzing data is considered to be highly unorthodox.
3. The passage suggests which of the following about the adolescent growth spurt that takes place in humans?
A. Its primary effects are found in parts of the body other than the limbs.
B. It is generally completed by the time 77 percent of full skeletal growth is attained.
C. It is normally detectable without the assistance of sophisticated mathematical analysis.
D. The rate of growth is much faster at the beginning of puberty than at any other time.
E. The estimated growth rate varies depending on the methods of measurement that are used.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
106
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 104
Many cultural anthropologists have come to reject the scientific framework of empiricism that dominated the field until the 1970s and now regard all scientific knowledge as socially constructed. They argue that information about cultures during the empiricist era typically came from anthropologists who brought with them a prepackaged set of conscious and unconscious biases. Cultural anthropology, according to the post-1970s critique, is unavoidably subjective, and the anthropologist should be explicit in acknowledging that fact. Anthropology should stop striving to build a better database about cultural behavior and should turn to developing a more humanistic interpretation of cultures. The new framework holds that it may be more enlightening to investigate the biases of earlier texts than to continue with empirical methodologies.
1. The author implies which of the following about most cultural anthropologists working prior to the 1970s?
A. They argued that scientific knowledge was socially constructed.
B. They were explicit in acknowledging the biases inherent in scientific investigation.
C. They regarded scientific knowledge as consisting of empirical truths. D. They shared the same conscious and unconscious biases.
E. They acknowledged the need for a new scientific framework.
2. According to the passage, “many cultural anthropologists” today would agree that anthropologists should
A. build a better, less subjective database about cultural behavior
B. strive to improve the empirical methodologies used until the 1970s
C. reject the notion that scientific knowledge is socially constructed
D. turn to examining older anthropological texts for unacknowledged biases E. integrate humanistic interpretations with empirical methodologies
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
107
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 105
Writing about nineteenth-century women’s travel writing, Lila Harper notes that the four women she discussed used their own names, in contrast with the nineteenth-century female novelists who either published anonymously or used male pseudonyms. The novelists doubtless realized that they were breaking boundaries, whereas three of the four daring, solitary travelers espoused traditional values, eschewing radicalism and women’s movements. Whereas the female novelists criticized their society, the female travelers seemed content to leave society as it was while accomplishing their own liberation. In other words, they lived a contradiction. For the subjects of Harper’s study, solitude in both the private and public spheres prevailed—a solitude that conferred authority, hitherto a male prerogative, but that also precluded any collective action or female solidarity.
1. Which of the following best characterizes the “contradiction” that the author refers to?
A. The subjects of Harper’s study enjoyed solitude, and yet as travelers they were often among people.
B. Nineteenth-century travel writers used their own names, but nineteenth-century novelists used pseudonyms.
C. Women’s movements in the nineteenth-century were not very radical in comparison with those of the twentieth-century.
D. Nineteenth-century female novelists thought they were breaking boundaries, but it was the nineteenth-century women who traveled alone who were really doing so.
E. While traveling alone in the nineteenth-century was considered a radical act for a woman, the nineteenth-century solitary female travelers generally held conventional views.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. According to the passage, solitude had which of the following effects for the nineteenth century female travelers?
A. It conferred an authority typically enjoyed only by men.
B. It prevented formation of alliances with other women.
C. It relieved peer pressure to conform to traditional values.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
108
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 106
Although vastly popular during its time, much nineteenth-century women’s fiction in the United States went unread by the twentieth-century educated elite, who were taught to ignore it as didactic. However, American literature has a tradition of didacticism going back to its Puritan roots, shifting over time from sermons and poetic transcripts into novels, which proved to be perfect vehicles for conveying social values. In the nineteenth century, critics reviled Poe for neglecting to conclude his stories with pithy moral tags, while Longfellow was canonized for his didactic verse. Although rhetorical changes favoring the anti-didactic can be detected as nineteenth-century American transformed itself into a secular society, it was twentieth-century criticism, which placed aesthetic value above everything else, that had no place in its doctrine for the didacticism of others.
1. Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence?
A. It explains why the fiction mentioned in the first sentence was not popular in the twentieth century.
B. It assists in drawing a contrast between nineteenth-century and twentieth-century critics. C. It provides an example of how twentieth – century readers were taught to ignore certain literature.
D. It questions the usefulness of a particular distinction between Poe and Longfellow made by critics.
E. It explains why Poe’s stories were more popular than Longfellow’s verse during the nineteenth century.
2. In the context in which it appears, “conveying” most nearly means A. carrying
B. transferring
C. granting
D. imparting E. projecting
考满分All In One
考满分GRE阅读
109
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 107
During the Pleistocene epoch, several species of elephants isolated on islands underwent rapid dwarfing. This phenomenon was not necessarily confined to the Pleistocene, but may have occurred much earlier in the Southeastern Asian islands, although evidence is fragmentary. Several explanations are possible for this dwarfing. For example, islands often have not been colonized by large predators or are too small to hold viable predator populations. Once free from predation pressure, large body size is of little advantage to herbivores. Additionally, island habitats have limited food resources, a smaller body size and a need for fewer resources would thus be favored. Interestingly, the island rule is reversed for small mammals such as rodents, for which gigantism is favored under insular conditions.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. question the plausibility of one explanation sometimes offered for the dwarfing of certain species living on islands
B. argue that dwarfing of certain species living on islands occurred prior to the Pleistocene
C. cite evidence suggesting that dwarfing may have adverse consequences for some species living on islands
D. present some possible explanations for the dwarfing of certain species living on islands
E. contrast the effects of insular conditions on species with large body size and species with small body
2. According to the passage, which of the following statements about body size in mammals is true?
A. A large body is unfavorable to mammalian species’ survival under most conditions.
B. A large body tends to benefit small mammals living on islands.
C. For most herbivorous mammals, a large body size is easier to sustain in the absence of large predators.
D. Under most conditions, a small body is less beneficial to herbivorous mammals than to nonherbivorous mammals.
E. Among nonherbivorous mammals, a small body is more beneficial on an island than on a mainland.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
110
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 108
In the early twentieth century, small magazines and the innovative graphics used on them created the face of the avant-guard. It was a look that signaled progressive ideas and unconventionality because it dispensed with the cardinal rule of graphic design: to take an idea and make it visually clear, concise, and instantly understood. Instead, graphics produced by avant-guard artists exclusively for the avant-guard (as opposed to their advertising work) were usually difficult to decipher, ambiguous, or nonsensical. This overturning of convention, this assailing of standard graphic and typographic formats, was part of a search for intellectual freedom. The impulse toward liberation enabled avant-guardists to see with fresh eyes untried possibilities for arranging and relating words and images on paper.
1. According to the passage, the primary purpose of conventional graphic design is to A. render unpopular ideas palatable to a wider audience
B. capture readers’ attention with bold fonts
C. communicate nonsensical notions to a wide public
D. communicate ideas as efficiently and unambiguously as possible E. introduce previously unknown ideas to the general public
For the following question, consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply. 2. According to the passage, avant-guard artists of the early twentieth-century created ambiguous or nonsensical graphics as part of an attempt to
A. expand the potential for expression through visual art
B. compete with advertisements for reader’s attention C. encourage the expansion of small magazines
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
111
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 109
According to Hill and Spicer, the term “nation-state” is a misnomer, since the ideal model of a monolingual, culturally homogeneous state has never existed, not even among Europeans, who invented the nation-state concept and introduced it to the rest of the world. Modern European states, they argue, emerged after the Renaissance through the rise of nations (i.e., specific ethnic groups) to positions of political and economic dominance over a number of other ethnic groups within the bounded political territories. The term “nation-state”, Hill and Spicer argue, obscures the internal cultural and linguistic diversity of states that could more accurately be called “conquest states.” The resurgence of multiple ethnic groups within a single state, Hill says, is not “potentially threating to the sovereign jurisdiction of the state,” as Urban and Sherzer suggest; rather, the assertion of cultural differences threatens to reveal ethnocentric beliefs and practices upon which conquest states were historically founded and thus to open up the possibility for a “nations-state” in which conquered ethnic groups enjoy equal rights with the conquering ethnic group but do not face the threat of persecution or cultural assimilation into the dominant ethnic group.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. discuss issues relating to a form of political organization by raising doubts about the terminology used to refer to it
B. trace changes in a form of political organization by examining the evolution of the terminology used to refer to
C. justify the continued use of an established term for an evolving form of political organization D. question the accuracy of a new term for a form of political organization
E. compare two terms for a form of political organization
2. The author of the passage quotes Urban and Sherzer most probably in order to
A. introduce a discussion of the legal ramifications of expanding the nation-state concept
B. summarize a claim about one possible effect of asserting cultural differences within a state C. shift the focus of discussion from internal threats that states face to external threats that they face
D. point out similarities between the threats to states seen by Urban and Sherzer and those seen by Hill
E. describe one way an ethnocentric practice has affected attempts to assert cultural differences within a state
3. According to the passage, Hill and Spicer define nations as which of the following? A. coalitions of distinct ethnic groups with similar concerns
B. distinct ethnic groups
C. culturally homogeneous states
D. linguistically diverse states E. territorially bounded states
考满分All In One
考满分GRE阅读
112
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 110
From 1910 to 1913, women suffragists in the United States organized annual parades— activity traditionally conducted by men to proclaim solidarity in some cause—not only as a public expression of suffragist solidarity but also a conscious transgression of the rules of social order: women’s very presence in the streets challenged traditional notions of femininity and restrictions on women’s conduct. While recognizing the parade’s rhetorical force as a vehicle for social change, scholars have recently begun to examine its drawbacks as a form of protest. Lumsden characterizes the American suffrage parade as a “double-edged sword”, arguing that women’s efforts to proclaim their solidarity left them open to patronizing commentary from press and public and to organized opposition from antisuffragists.
1. It can be inferred from the passage that men’s and women’s parades were similar in that both
A. were employed as rhetorical vehicles for social change
B. were regarded as violating contemporary standards of public decorum
C. made participants vulnerable to organized opposition
D. were largely ineffective as forms of protest
E. were intended by their participants as public declarations of solidarity
2. The passage suggests which of the following about proponents of the “rules of social order?”
A. They frowned upon public displays such as parades.
B. They had ulterior motives for objecting to women’s participation in suffrage parades. C. They formed the core of the organized opposition to women suffrage.
D. They believed that it was unfeminine for women to march in suffrage parades.
E. They supported women’s rights to vote but disapprove some of the methods that suffragists employed to gain that right.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
113
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 111
Unlike most Jane Austen scholarship before 1980, much recent scholarship analyzes the novels of Austen, who lived from 1775 to 1817, in the context of Austen’s tumultuous times, which saw the French and American revolutions and the Napoleonic Wars. Yet Frantz notes another revolution, rarely mentioned in Austen scholarship: the Great Masculine Renunciation that altered conventions in men’s dress and behavior. During the later eighteenth century, wealthy gentlemen exchanged the velvets and satins long in fashion for somber woolen suits. Frantz contends that this change reflected deeper cultural changes. The value once placed on men’s expressiveness, reflected in Mackenzie’s novel The Man of Feeling (1771), gave way to a preference for emotional restraint. In Austen’s novels, the heroine often struggles to glimpse the true nature of hero beneath his reserved exterior.
1. The author of the passage mentions The Man of Feeling (1771) in order to
A. contrast Mackenzie’s reasons for writing novels with those of Austen
B. introduce evidence regarding the influence of particular writers on Austen
C. corroborate a claim that a convention of masculine behavior changed during Austen’s lifetime
D. suggest that Austen’s novels were more reflective of their historical context than Mackenzie’s had been
E. challenge a particular misconception about the modes of behavior common among gentlemen in the later eighteenth century
2. The passage suggests which of the following about scholarship on Jane Austen?
A. Much recent scholarship has begun to place greater emphasis on gender conventions governing men’s behavior during Austen’s lifetime.
B. Some scholarship has debated whether Austen’s novels depict emotional restraint as an admiral quality.
C. Certain scholars argue that Austen’s novels do not accurately reflect cultural changes during Austen’s lifetime that changed the way gentlemen dressed and behaved.
D. After 1980, scholarship on Austen shifted toward a greater emphasis on the historical context in which she wrote.
E. With few exceptions, recent scholarship depicts Austen as a writer who had little interest in the tumultuous events of her time.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
114
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 112
Whereas Carlos Bulosan aimed through fiction and personal testimony to advance both Filipino civil rights in the United States and the social transformation of the Philippines, Yen Le Espiritu has set herself the task of recovering life histories of Filipino Americans. Her work brings Filipino Americans of the generation following the 1934-1965 immigration hiatus graphically to life. A special strength is the representation of Filipino American women, who were scarce among immigrants before the 1934 American curb on Filipino immigration but composed more than half of the immigrants to America since liberalization in 1965. Espiritu’s subjects document their changing sense of Filipino identity in the United States, much as Bulosan did as a member of the first substantial wave of immigrants.
1. According to the passage, both Bulosan and Espiritu do which of the following in their work? A. consider generational differences in Filipino immigrants’ responses to life in the United States
B. attempt to make allowance for the demographic variations among Filipino immigrants to the United States
C. employ fiction in addition to documenting actual life histories of Filipino immigrants to the United States
D. represent how life in the United States has affected immigrants’ sense of Filipino identity E. examine the effects on Filipinos in the United States of the 1934 American curb on Filipino immigration
2. In the context in which it appears, “graphically” most nearly means A. in writing
B. by means of drawing
C. impressionistically
D. diagrammatically E. vividly
考满分All In One
考满分GRE阅读
115
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 113
1800 Thomas Dilworth’s New Guide to the English Dialogue was being widely used to teach reading in the United States. Dilworth's primer, unlike earlier ones, stressed the importance of children’s understanding what they read. While it is in fact unlikely that children would have recognized all the vocabulary Dilworth used, that was at least his stated goal. Dilworth recognized that primers should enable children to decode words from print with the form of language they already knew: speech. In contrast, many earlier authors assumed that, just as introductory Latin texts taught children an unknown language, introductory English texts should teach English as if it, too, were an unknown language.
1. According to the passage, the “earlier authors” adopted a model for English instruction that A. mirrored the practice used in Latin instruction
B. was originally formulated by Dilworth
C. was less esoteric than that adopted by Dilworth
D. stressed familiarity with the peculiarities of English spelling E. emphasized the importance of fluent and articulate speech
2. The author of the passage would probably agree with which of the following criticisms of English primers predating Dilworth’s?
A. Their Latinate grammatical terms poorly described the structures of English.
B. They failed to make effective use of the knowledge of language a child already possessed. C. Their texts typically focused on subject matter that held little intrinsic interest for their readers.
D. They neglected to teach the language in a sufficiently systematic way.
E. They required a pedagogical method that few American teachers of the era possessed.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
116
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 114
Many scholars have argued that government investment in manufacturing in the southern United States during the Second World War spurred a regional economic boom that lasted into the postwar period. But much of this investment went to specialized plants, many of them unsuitable for postwar production. Large-scale, wartime government funding led to a massive increase in the number and scale of munitions facilities. By the war’s end, 216 munitions establishment costing more than $3.5 billion had been built, many of them located in the south. Indeed, according to one estimate, more than 70 percent of federally financed manufacturing construction capital in Alabama, Arkansas, Mississippi, and Tennessee went into munitions plants.
Even in the northern regions with strong prewar manufacturing economics, these plants were difficult to deal with once the imperative of war had been removed. In the south few industrialists had the capacity or desire to transform these factories to a peacetime function. Accordingly, at war’s end almost all of the southern munitions facilities were shut down, placed on standby, operated at a very low capacity, or converted to nonmanufacturing functions, usually storage. Although some reopened a few years later for use during the Korean War, the impact of the special plants on the South’s postwar economy was marginal at best.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to A. propose an alternative explanation
B. challenge a widely held position
C. contrast two views of a phenomenon
D. explain why a particular claim has been influential E. evaluate evidence used to support a particular view
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. According to the passage, some southern munitions plants built in the South during the Second World War were
A. later reopened and used once more as munitions plants
B. used for nonmanufacturing purposes after the war
C. originally envisioned as continuing to manufacture munitions at high capacity even after the war had ended
3. In the passage, the mention of “Alabama, Arkansas, Mississippi, and Tennessee” serves primarily to
A. suggest that some states were better than others at anticipating postwar economic needs B. identify evidence used to support a view held by scholars mentioned at the beginning of the passage
C. suggest that federal investment in some kinds of manufacturing was excessive
D. identify the states that received the largest allocations of federal funds
E. provide information to support a point about the nature of government investment made earlier in the paragraph
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
117
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 115
Although the passenger pigeons, now extinct, were abundant in eighteenth- and nineteenth- century America, archaeological studies at twelfth-century Cahokian sites in the present day United States examined household food trash and found that traces of passenger pigeon were quite rare. Given that the sites were close to a huge passenger pigeon roost documented by John James Audubon in the nineteenth century and that Cahokians consumed almost every other animal protein source available, the archaeologists conducting the studies concluded the passenger pigeon population had once been very limited before increasing dramatically in post-Columbian America. Other archaeologists have criticized those conclusions on the grounds that passenger pigeon bones would not be likely to be preserved. But all the archaeological projects found plenty of bird bones and even tiny bones from fish.
1. The author of the passage mentions “tiny bones from fish” primarily in order to
A. explain why traces of passenger pigeon are rare at Cahokian sites
B. support a claim about the wide variety of animal proteins in the Cahokian diet
C. provide evidence that confirms a theory about the extinction of the passenger pigeon D. cast doubt on the conclusion reached by the archaeologists who conducted the studies discussed in the passage
E. counter an objection to an interpretation of the data obtained from Cahokian sites
2. Which of the following, if true, would most call into question the reasoning of “the archaeologists conducting the studies”?
A. Audubon was unable to correctly identify twelfth-century Cahokian sites
B. Audubon made his observations before passenger pigeon populations began to decline. C. Passenger pigeons would have been attracted to household food trash
D. Archaeologist have found passenger pigeon remains among food waste at eighteenth- century human settlements
E. Passenger pigeons tended not to roost at the same sites for very many generations
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
118
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 116
Feminist scholars have tended to regard women in the nineteenth-century United States who elected to remain single as champions of women’s autonomy and as critics of marriage as an oppressive institution. Indeed, many nineteenth-century American women who participated in reform movements or who distinguished themselves as writers and professionals were single. Yet this view of single women tends to distort the meaning of their choices. The nineteenth century saw the elevation of marriage for love as a spiritual ideal. Consequently, it became socially acceptable for women not to marry if such an ideal marriage could not be realized with an available suitor. Thus, many women’s choice to remain single reflected not a negative view of marriage but a highly idealistic one.
1. The author of the passage implies that many nineteenth-century American women chose to remain single because they
A. believed that marriage required them to give up much of their autonomy
B. had attitudes toward marriage that were influenced by contemporary reform movements
C. wanted to take advantage of increasing opportunities to distinguish themselves as professionals
D. doubted that their own marriage would live up to their notion of what a marriage ought to be E. had a negative view of marriage fostered by a change in social attitudes during the nineteenth century
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. The author of the passage suggests that the feminist scholars mentioned in the first sentence distort the meaning of certain nineteenth-century American women’s choices by A. ascribing those choices to a particular attitude toward marriage
B. ignoring evidence about single women’s motives for becoming writers or professionals C. overestimating the number of nineteenth-century American women who were single by choice.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
119
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 117
Many researchers attribute the large number of physiological and behavioral similarities between birds and mammals, which have separate evolutionary histories, to endothermy (a thermoregulatory strategy whereby warm body temperature is maintained through internal heat sources). However, Farmer argues that parental care rather than endothermy is the key to understanding the similarities between mammals and birds. According to Farmer, while endothermy provides an explanation for a few similarities, such as the presence of body insulation, endothermy is just one characteristic among many related to parental care. The two purported advantages of endothermy that have been most frequently cited by researchers are an expanded range of inhabitable environments and the ability to sustain vigorous exercise. But metabolism has to increase substantially (at great energy cost) therefore conferring any significant thermoregulatory advantage in terms of the former, and there is no causal biological linkage to explain why endothermy would be essential to sustain exercise. Farmer argues instead that endothermy evolved as a means to control incubation temperature and that the ability to sustain exercise evolved separately, as a means to improve a parent’s ability to forage and provision its young.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. present a scientific theory that challenges a widely held theory
B. summarize the basis for a large body of scientific research
C. defend an established scientific theory in light of recent criticism
D. express skepticism about the results obtained by a particular researcher E. compare the results of two particular scientific studies
2. Which of the following best characterizes the organization of the passage as a whole?
A. A position is noted, an alternative to that position is introduced, and then several points in support of the alternative are discussed.
B. A theory is discussed, an inconsistency within that theory is illustrated, and then a recommendation is made for further inquiry.
C. Certain research results are described, the significance of those results is explained, and then a novel interpretation of those results is summarized.
D. A question is posed, a possible answer to that question is suggested, and then evidence is provided to corroborate that answer.
E. A debate is outlined, contrasting viewpoints within the debate are discussed, and then one viewpoint is demonstrated to be correct.
3. According to the passage, Farmer concedes that endothermy provides an explanation for which of the following features shared by birds and mammals?
A. The ability to forage
B. The ability to sustain exercise
C. The instinct to care for offspring D. Flexibility in habitat usage
E. Body insulation
考满分All In One
考满分GRE阅读
120
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 118
Prominent among theories of the function of sleep is Meddis’ immobilization hypothesis, which holds that sleep, rather than serving a restorative function, plays a protective role during times that animals cannot be usefully engaged in other activities. Meddis reasoned that animals not immediately threatened by predators would be safer if they passed the time sleeping.
However, that hypothesis cannot easily explain why one often observes a rebound in sleep time or intensity following a period of sleep deprivation. Neither does the hypothesis explain the existence of various states of sleep, which themselves may be associated with different functions.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1. According to the passage, the immobilization hypothesis fails to account for which of the following facts?
A. That sleep does not appear to be a uniform and unchanging state
B. That under certain conditions animals appear to need more sleep than usual
C. That animals rarely sleep when a predator has been detected nearby
2. In the context of the passage as a whole, the highlighted portion serves primarily to   A. present the thinking that led scientists to qualify a widely accepted view
B. describe the basis on which a hypothesis was advanced
C. illustrate the kind of reasoning that is applied in a branch of science
D. explain how a hypothesis can be tested empirically E. relate the analysis that refined a tentative explanation
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
121
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 119
In 1919 Britain experienced its largest ever reduction in industrial working hours, to 48 per week. In Dowie’s view the 48-hour week played a central role in Britain’s poor economic performance during the 1920s. Dowie argued that the reduction, together with rapid wage growth, drove up prices. However, Greasly and Oxley found that the First World War (1914-1918) constituted a more powerful negative macroeconomic shock to Britain’s competitiveness. And Scott argues that Dowie’s thesis ignores considerable evidence that hourly productivity improves when hours are reduced from a high base level. Crucially, Dowie’s thesis does not acknowledge that hours were reduced to around 48 hours a week for industrial workers in most industrialized nations at this time so far—undermining any potential impact of reduced hours on industrial productivity relative to other nations.
1. Which of the following, if true, provides the strongest support for Scott’s argument?
A. Companies have generally found that part-time employees are less productive than full-time ones.
B. When the total number of hours worked at a company increases owing to the addition of more employees, the usual result is improved productivity at the company.
C. When the total hours worked by all employees per week in two companies are equivalent, hourly productivity tends to be equivalent as well.
D. Companies whose employees usually work a high number of hours tend to have greater total costs than do similar companies whose employees work fewer hours.
E. Companies have found that total output per employee is not necessarily changed by reductions in the number of hours worked per employee.
2. It can be inferred from the passage that in the view of Greasley and Oxley A. a reduced workweek was ultimately beneficial to employees
B. the economic effects of the reduction in working hours in 1919 were brief C. Britain became less economically competitive in the 1920s
D. reduced working hours were the primary cause of the economic changes observed by Dowie
E. the changes in economic performance in Britain in the 1920s were unforeseen
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
122
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 120
The finding that there were rock-melting temperatures on asteroids for sustained periods is puzzling: asteroids’ heat source is unknown, and unlike planet-sized bodies, such small bodies quickly dissipate heat. Rubin suggests that asteroids’ heat could have derived from collisions between asteroids. Skeptics have argued that a single impact would raise an asteroid’s overall temperature very little and that asteroids would cool too quickly between impacts to accumulate much heat. However, these objections assumed that asteroids are dense, solid bodies. A recent discovery that asteroids are highly porous makes Rubin’s hypothesis more plausible. When solid bodies collide, much debris is ejected, dissipating energy. Impacts on porous bodies generate less debris, so more energy goes into producing heat. Heat could be retained as debris fall back into impact craters, creating an insulating blanket.
1. The passage suggests that one factor that has made it difficult to account for the temperatures once reached by asteroids is
A. a miscalculation of the frequency of asteroid collisions
B. a misconception about asteroids’ density
C. a mistaken assumption about what the heat source of the asteroids was D. an underestimation of the rate at which small bodies lose heat
E. an erroneous view of how asteroids were formed
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. It can be inferred from the passage that Rubin disagrees with skeptics mentioned in the passage about which of the following?
A. Whether porous bodies generate less debris when struck than do solid bodies
B. The temperatures asteroids would have to reach for their rocks to have melted
C. The likely effect of impacts on asteroids’ temperatures
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
123
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 121
Benjamin Franklin is portrayed in American history as the quintessential self-made man. In “Self-reliance”, Emerson asks, “Where is the master who could have instructed Franklin...?” In fact, Franklin took instruction widely, and his scientific work was highly collaborative. Friends in England sent equipment needed for his electrical experiments, others, in Philadelphia, helped him set up his workshop there. Philip Syng constructed a device for generating electrical charges, while Tomas Hopkinson demonstrated the potential of pointed conductors. Franklin, in addition to being the group’s theoretician, wrote and published its results. His fame as an individual researcher is partly a consequence of the shorthand by which when one person writes about a group’s discoveries, history sometimes grants singular credit for collective effort.
1. Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence? A. It states a viewpoint about Franklin with which the author disagrees.
B. It introduces new evidence about Franklin’s role in the collaborative process. C. It explains Franklin’s reputation in terms of a broad scholarly phenomenon.
D. It emphasizes the extent to which Franklin relied on others in his workshop. E. It describes Franklin’s approach to writing scientific results.
2. Emerson is mentioned in the passage primarily to
A. identify the origin of a particular understanding of Franklin
B. elaborate on a view of Franklin that the author takes issue with
C. point to a controversial claim about Franklin’s historical legacy
D. introduce the question of who Franklin’s main scientific influences were E. suggest that Franklin was resistant to collaboration with other scientists
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
124
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 122
There have long been dead zones—water too low in oxygen to sustain most forms of life—in the Gulf of Mexico, which receives the waters of the Mississippi River. Scientists studied sediment cores from areas where the gulf’s most recent dead zone occurred. The scientists dated the sediment and counted species of foraminifera (marine protozoans) in the sediment; these species thrive in low-oxygen waters. As far back as 1823, the foraminifera thrived especially during Mississippi River flood years (during which nutrients levels increase), suggesting that nutrients in floodwaters can trigger low-oxygen water. The foraminifera in the core samples were most abundant after 1950, when farmers began using some fertilizer, which is rich in nutrients. Researchers believe that increased use of fertilizer leads to more- extreme dead zones.
1. Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence in the context of the passage as a whole?
A. It reconciles two opposing theories that were discussed earlier in the passage.
B. It suggests what the initial impetus was for the studies mentioned earlier in the passage.
C. It undermines a hypothesis that was presented in the preceding sentence.
D. It describes a problem with the methodology of the studies discussed in the passage.
E. It provides evidence supporting the belief mentioned in the final sentence of the passage.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. It can be inferred from the passage that the “researchers” would agree with which of the following statements about the use of fertilizer?
A. If farmers near the Mississippi River decreased the amount of fertilizer that they used, the severity of the dead zones could be diminished.
B. If farmers near the Mississippi River continue their dependence upon fertilizers, foraminifera population will eventually decline.
C. If farmers near the Mississippi River stopped using fertilizers altogether, there would no longer be dead zones.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
125
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 123
Biologist know that some marine algae can create clouds by producing the gas dimethyl sulphide (DMS), which reacts with oxygen in air above the sea to form solid particles. These particles provide a surface on which water vapor can condense to form clouds. Lovelock contends that this process is part of global climatic-control system. According to Lovelock, Earth acts like a super organism, with all its biological and physical systems cooperating to keep it healthy. He hypothesized that warmer conditions increase algal activity and DMS output, seeding more clouds, which cool the planet by blocking out the Sun. Then, as the climate cools, algal activity and DMS level decrease and the cycle continues. In response to biologists who question how organisms presumably working for their own selfish ends could have evolved to behave in a way that benefits not only the planet but the organisms as well, Lovelock points out that cooling benefits the algae, which remain at the ocean surface, because it allows the cooled upper layers of the ocean to sink, and then the circulating water carries nutrients upward from the depths below. Algae may also benefit from nitrogen raining down from clouds they have helped to form.
1. According to the passage, which of the following occurs as a result of cooling in the upper layers of the ocean?
A. The concentration of oxygen in the air above the ocean’s surface decreases.
B. The concentration of DMS in the air above the ocean’s surface increases.
C. The nutrient supply at the surface of the ocean is replenished. D. Cloud formation increases over the ocean.
E. Marine algae make more efficient use of nutrients.
2. Which of the following is most similar to the role played by marine algae in the global climate control system proposed by Lovelock?
A. a fan that continually replaces stale air in a room with fresh air from outside.
B. a thermostat that automatically controls an air-conditioning system.
C. an insulating blanket that retains heat.
D. a filter used to purify water.
E. a dehumidifier that constantly removes moisture from the air in a room.
3. The passage mentions the possible benefit to algae of nitrogen falling down in the rain most likely in order to
A. provide support for Lovelock’s response to an objection mentioned in the passage.
B. suggest that the climatic effects of DMS production have been underestimated.
C. acknowledge that Lovelock’s hypothesis is based in part on speculation. D. demonstrate that DMS production alters the planet in more than one way. E. assert that algae are the sole beneficiaries of DMS production.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
126
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 124
When Earth formed 4.6 billion years ago, the Sun burned only 70 percent as brightly as it does today. Yet Geologic record contains no evidence for widespread glaciation until 2.3 billion years ago. Sagan and Mullen suggested in the 1970s that ammonia, a greenhouse gas, warmed early Earth’s atmosphere, but subsequent research showed that the Sun’s ultraviolet rays rapidly destroy ammonia in an oxygen-free environment, such as that of early Earth. Many scientists now attribute much of the warming of early Earth to oxygen-intolerant microbes—methanogens—that produce the greenhouse gas methane. The methanogen hypothesis could help to explain the first global ice age: 2.3 billion years ago, Earth’s atmosphere began to fill with oxygen produced by other microbes—cyanobacteria— causing methanogens to decline rapidly.
1. Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence?
A. It refutes the possibility of a connection between two events previously thought to be related.
B. It describes how a hypothesis might account for the timing of a phenomenon described earlier in the passage
C. It presents evidence that casts doubt on a statement made in the first sentence of the passage
D. It clarifies a distinction between two related hypotheses
E. It introduces findings that challenge a dominant explanation for a particular phenomenon
2. Which of the following can be inferred from the passage about methanogens?
A. Methanogens must have appeared on Earth later than 2.3 billion years ago.
B. Methanogens must have been much more prevalent in some regions of the early Earth than in others.
C. Methanogens produce a greenhouse gas that is more susceptible to destruction by the Sun’s ultraviolent rays than is ammonia.
D. Methanogens could not have thrived in early Earth’s atmosphere without the presence of ammonia.
E. Methanogens would have had a less significant effect on early Earth’s atmosphere if they had evolved after the appearance of cyanobacteria.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
127
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 125
Some researchers claim that cetaceans—whales and dolphins—have culture, which the researchers define as the ability to learn from one another. Skeptics, however, demand clear evidence that cetaceans can acquire new behaviors through some form of social learning, preferably clear-cut instances of imitation or teaching. But such evidence is difficult to obtain. While few people doubt that captive cetaceans are adept at imitation or that they reproduce behaviors taught by researchers, biologists seeking insight into cetaceans’ behavior in their natural habitats must rely on deduction rather than experiments. If members of a particular group share behaviors that do not result from genetic inheritance or environmental variation, then they have almost certainly learned them by watching, following, or listening to other animals.
1. Which of the following best describe the function of the highlighted sentence?
A. It identifies a factor that complicates biologists’ ability to draw conclusions about the behavior of cetaceans in their natural environments.
B. It illustrates the kind of deduction mentioned in the preceding sentence.
C. It explains why skeptics have remained unpersuaded by evidence that has been put forward in support of the claim that cetaceans have culture.
D. It introduces a claim that would be dismissed by both supporters and opponents of the view that cetaceans have culture.
E. It notes a previously overlooked factor that might shed light on the question of whether cetaceans have culture.
2. The passage suggests which of the following about captive cetaceans?
A. Whether they are engaged in social learning is a subject of disagreement among biologists. B. Their ability to imitate new behaviors is more extensive than that of noncaptive cetaceans. C. They exhibit few behaviors that have not also been observed in cetaceans in their natural habitats.
D. They appear to adopt new behaviors more quickly than noncaptive cetaceans.
E. They exhibit tendencies that suggest a capacity for the kind of behavior that qualifies as cultural.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
128
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 126
Hotter and more massive than the Sun, stars called “stragglers” are puzzling to astronomers because such rapidly burning stars would not be expected to persist in ancient star clusters. Some researchers believe that the typical blue stragglers formed when two ancient, lower-mass stars collide and merge form more massive, hotter star. Peter Leonard theorizes alternatively that in low density globular clusters, where mergers between single stars occur too infrequently to account for the observed quantity of blue stragglers, these stragglers are created instead by a group of stars. He suggests that a pair of stars already orbiting each other presents a larger target for a third star or another pair. Once this new grouping forms, close encounters between the stars could prompt any two to merge as a blue straggler. Leonard’s model predicts that each blue straggler has a distant orbiting companion —as appears true of many blue stragglers in the M67 cluster of the Milky Way galaxy.
1. The reference to a “larger target” serves primarily to suggest why a
A. blue straggler would be more likely to collide and merge with another star than would be a lower-mass star.
B. pair of stars would be more likely to encounter other stars than would the typical blue straggler.
C. pair of stars would be more likely to interact with other stars than would a single star.
D. blue straggler would be more likely to interact with a pair of stars than it would with a third star.
E. third star would be more likely to encounter a pair than it would to encounter a blue straggler.
2. Information presented in the passage suggests which of the following about blue stragglers? A. They originate from stars that are hotter and more massive than the Sun.
B. They are burning more rapidly than other types of stars observed in ancient star clusters.
C. They are older than most other types of stars within the same star cluster.
D. They are less numerous in low-density globular clusters than are pairs of stars.
E. They generally originate from the oldest stars among those found in ancient star clusters.
3. The passage cites which of the following as evidence undermining the theory presented in the second sentence?
A. a discrepancy between the number of mergers between single stars in certain low-density globular clusters and that in other low-density globular clusters
B. a discrepancy between the heat and mass of blue stragglers formed by one type of process and the heat and mass of blue stragglers formed by another type of process
C. a discrepancy between the frequency of star mergers in low-density globular clusters and those in high-density globular clusters
D. a discrepancy between the amount of heat and mass of ancient single stars and that of blue stragglers
E. a discrepancy between the number of mergers between single stars in certain star clusters and the number of blue stragglers in those clusters
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
129
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 127
Most seismologists assume that following a major earthquake and its aftershocks, the fault (a break in Earth’s crust where pressure can trigger an earthquake) will remain quiet until stresses have time to rebuild, typically over hundreds or thousands of years. Recent evidence of subtle interactions between earthquakes may overturn this assumption, however. According to the stress-triggering hypothesis, faults are unexpectedly responsive to subtle stresses they acquire as neighboring faults shift. Rather than simply dissipating, stress relieved during an earthquake travels along the fault, concentrating in sites nearby; even the smallest additional stresses may then trigger another quake along the fault or on a nearby fault. Although scientists have long viewed such subtle interactions as nonexistent, the hypothesis has explained the location and frequency of earthquakes following several destructive quakes in California, Japan, and Turkey.
1. According to the passage, which of the following is an assumption that may be invalidated by recent seismological evidence?
A. Earthquakes are caused by stresses building up in faults within Earth’s crust.
B. Most major earthquakes can be predicted with reasonable accuracy.
C. Faults are highly responsive to even minor stresses in neighboring faults.
D. Most major earthquakes are followed by predictable aftershocks.
E. A fault that has resulted in a major earthquake becomes quiet for a long period.
For the following question, consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply. 2. The passage suggests that most seismologists believe which of the following about fault stresses?
A. They are dissipated when they result in an earthquake.
B. They are transferred between neighboring faults.
C. They will not cause a major earthquake along the same fault in the space of a few years.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
130
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 128
MacArthur and Wilson suggested that the biodiversity of an island will vary in direct proportion to a function of the island’s size (i.e., larger islands can support a greater number of species) and in inverse proportion to a function of its distance from the mainland (i.e., many remote islands will tend to support fewer species). Reduced biodiversity in an island context is likely to require significant adaptation on the part of colonizing human populations. Evans argues that this limitation makes islands ideal laboratories for the study of human adaptations to the natural environment, whilst Renfrew and Wagstaff, in the introduction to their study of Melos, focus on this limitation in biodiversity as a “significant characteristic of the island ecosystem.” For human communities, however, this limitation may potentially be offset by other factors. The reduced biodiversity of an island ecosystem applies only to terrestrial resources: the resources of the sea will be as rich as on any other coastal area, and may be equally important to human communities. A small island such as Malta or Melos allows all communities direct access to
the sea, providing an important nutritional “safety net,” as well as an element of dietary diversity, which may actually give island communities an advantage over their landlocked counterparts. Islands may also have specific nonbiological resources (such as obsidian on Melos), which may be used in exchange with communities on other islands and adjacent mainlands.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. evaluate two contrasting approaches to island biodiversity
B. discuss the relevance of certain data pertaining to island biodiversity C. call into question a particular understanding of island biodiversity
D. consider various reasons for reduced biodiversity on islands
E. contrast large and small islands in terms of overall biodiversity
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. According to the author, factors of potential importance to human communities on islands include
A. the accessibility of the sea’s resources
B. a diet superior in some respects to the diet of landlocked communities
C. nonbiological resources that can be exploited
3. The author suggests that in considering the biodiversity of islands, Evans
A. focuses too exclusively on terrestrial resources
B. misunderstands the relationship between an island’s size and its terrestrial resources C. misinterprets the work of MacArthur and Wilson
D. is wrong to assume that more remote islands support fewer species
E. downplays the ways that human communities adapt to island biodiversity
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
131
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 129
A critical consensus has emerged that Mary McCarthy will be remembered primarily as an essayist rather than as a novelist. But despite her formidable gifts as a polemical and discursive writer, and for all her reputation as an intellectual who sacrificed feeling to intelligence, what powers McCarthy’s best essays are her fictional rather than strictly intellectual gifts. She makes her points by telling stories or by way of vivid description, arresting images and subtle characterization. And for all her exacting sense of fact, McCarthy’s greatest contribution was to blur the distinctions between different kinds of prose writing: to show how fiction could be opened up to the thinking mind and how essays could profit from the techniques of fiction.
For the following question, consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply. 1. The author of the passage suggests that Mary McCarthy’s writing is characterized by
A. The use in her essays of devices more typical in works of fiction
B. A narrowing of the differences between narrative and expository prose
C. Careful attention to factual accuracy.
2. In the context in which it appears, “discursive” most nearly means A. prolific
B. sophistic
C. rambling
D. analytical E. circuitous
考满分All In One
考满分GRE阅读
132
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 130
Some archaeologists speculate that the Americas might have been initially colonized between 40,000 and 25,000 years ago. However, to support this theory it is necessary to explain the absence of generally accepted habitation sites for that time interval in what is now the United States. Australia, which has a smaller land area than the United States, has many such sites, supporting the generally accepted claim that the continent was colonized by humans at least 40,000 years ago. Australia is less densely populated (resulting in lower chances of discovering sites) and with its overall greater aridity would have presented conditions less favorable for hunter-gatherer occupation. Proportionally, at least as much land area has been lost from the coastal regions of Australia because of postglacial sea-level rise as in the United States, so any coastal archaeological record in Australia should have been depleted about as much as a coastal record in the United States. Since there are so many resource-rich rivers leading inland from the United States coastlines, it seems implausible that a growing population of humans would have confined itself to coasts for thousands of years. If inhabitants were present 25,000 years ago, the chances of their appearing in the archaeological record would seem to be greater than for Australia.
1. The passage is primarily concerned with doing which of the following? A. presenting an objection to a claim
B. accounting for an apparent anomaly
C. outlining an alternative interpretation
D. correcting a particular misconception E. questioning the validity of a comparison
2. The author of the passage implies which of the following about 25,000 years ago?
A. The coastline of the region that is now the United States is longer than it was 40,000 years ago.
B. Rivers in what is now the United States were numerous than they are now.
C. Australia was less densely populated at that time than was the region that is now the United States.
D. Australia’s climate was significantly drier than it is now.
E. Global sea level was lower than it is now.
3. The author of the passage implies that, in what is now the United States, archaeological evidence of inhabitation in the period from 40,000 to 25,000 years ago is lacking because that region
A. had its oldest habitation sites inundated following a postglacial rise in sea level.
B. has many resource-rich rivers that facilitated the dispersal of early inhabitants from an initial concentration in coastal areas.
C. was sparsely populated until about 25,000 years ago.
D. was colonized less than 25,000 years ago.
E. was inhabited only by hunter-gatherers until 25,000 years ago.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
133
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 131
Animals live longer when their calorie intake is restricted to two-thirds of what is considered normal for their species. Animals so restricted are also generally healthier: most disease, including cancer, diabetes, and neurodegenerative illness, are forestalled. This phenomenon was long attributed to a simple slowing of metabolism (cells’ production of energy from fuel molecules) and consequent reproduction of its toxic by-products in response to less food. In fact, however, calorie restriction does not slow mammalian metabolism, and in yeast and worms, metabolism is both sped up and altered. Some scientists now theorize that calorie restriction is a biological stressor that, like natural food scarcity, induces a more complex defensive response, which in mammals includes changes in cellular defenses and repair.
1. In the passage, the function of the highlighted portion (in yeast... and altered) is to
A. provide specific examples of organisms whose longevity does not increase in response to calorie restriction.
B. illustrate the probable means by which organisms placed on a calorie-restriction diet compensate for the reduction in available food-based level.
C. suggest the mechanism that is responsible for prolonging the life of organism whose calorie intake is significantly reduced.
D. give an example that explain why scientists’ thinking about the physiological effects of calorie restriction changed.
E. distinguish the different ways that mammalian and non-mammalian metabolisms respond to significant reductions in calorie intake
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. The passage implies which of the following about the explanation mentioned in the highlighted text (This phenomenon... of metabolism)?
A. There are empirical findings that conflict with a presumption of the explanation.
B. The explanation predicts that the effect of calorie restriction on longevity will be the greatest for the species with the highest rate of metabolism.
C. The explanation predicts that the effects of calorie restriction will be uniformly positive.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
134
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 132
The “deindustrialization” thesis of Bluestone and Harrison asserts that the replacement of domestic with foreign manufacturing begun by United States corporations in the late 1960s resulted in a “hollowing out” of American industry, whereby workers displaced from manufacturing jobs through massive plant closings found themselves moving more or less permanently into lower-paying, less secure jobs or into unemployment. Critics of the deindustrialization thesis have argued that new service and high-technology sectors of the United States economy have recently created a substantial number of jobs. While these critics do not deny the painful aspects of this transition from an industrial to a service- and information-based economy, they argue that it will be short-term, and a necessary evil if the United States is to have long-term increases in living standards. Critics of the emerging economy, however, point to disturbing evidence of an “hourglass” effect: a shrinking middle tier of managerial and blue-collar unionized workers and consequent polarization of incomes. The emergence of a technical and financial elite, they argue, has brought forth a host of low- wage jobs to service the new economy, and it is this service sector that many ex-industrial workers must seek.
1. The purpose of the passage is to
A. analyze the events that contributed to an economic phenomenon
B. present different views on the nature and impact of an economic phenomenon
C. distinguish between the short-term and long-term effects of an economic phenomenon
D. challenge a dominant theory about how to solve the problems created by an economic phenomenon
E. present new evidence to suggest that an economic phenomenon is more complex than had previously been believed
2. Which of the following, if true, would most tend to weaken the deindustrialization thesis of Bluestone and Harrison?
A. a survey of the spouses of former industrial workers reveals a significant increase in the number of working spouses since the mid-1960s.
B. data from the most recent United States census show that fewer individuals list their occupation as industrial worker than in the census from ten years earlier.
C. a random survey of United States consumers indicates that a majority of those surveyed would prefer to buy United States-manufacturing goods if given the opportunity.
D. A recent study indicates that large numbers of former industrial workers have retrained and found employment as skilled, highly-paid computer workers.
E. Interviews with representatives at major agencies for temporary employment in the United States suggest that they value the skills of former industrial workers.
3. It can be inferred from the passage that the highlighted “critics” believe which of the following about “hourglass” effect?
A. It involves the relegation of industrial workers to less desirable jobs.
B. It requires that workers make short-term sacrifices to achieve long-term gains.
C. It affects non-unionized workers more strongly than it does unionized workers. D. It represents an increase in unemployment for those in the service sector.
E. It threatens the status of the technological and financial elite.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
135
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 133
Some historians question the widely held belief that continually improving education led to gradual African American empowerment in the southern United States from the late nineteenth century through the mid-twentieth century. They note that the development of Black educational institutions in the segregated South was never rapid or steady: disparities between Black and White schools sometimes grew in the early decades of the twentieth century. And African Americans’ educational gains did not bring commensurate economic gains. Starting in the 1940s, even as Black and White schools in the South moved steadily toward equality, Black southerners remained politically marginalized and experienced systematic job discrimination. Although Black schools had achieved near parity with White schools in per capita spending and teachers’ salaries by 1965, African Americans’ income still lagged behind that of Whites. Nonetheless, educational progress did contribute toward economic and political empowerment. African Americans’ campaigns to support Black schools fostered a sense of community, nurtured political determination, and often increased literacy. More significantly, politically outspoken Black newspapers achieved record circulation during the 1940s, just as the literacy rate among African Americans approached 90 percent. Finally, the leadership of the Civil Rights movement of the 1960s was composed largely of graduates of Black colleges.
1. The author of the passage refers to the fact that “disparities between Black and White schools sometimes grew in the early decades of the twentieth century” most likely in order to A. support the argument that the economic struggles of southern Blacks were largely due to educational inequalities
B. give an example of the differences between Black schools in the early part of the twentieth century and Black schools starting in the 1940s
C. illustrate the unevenness of the progress made by Black schools in the southern United States
D. help explain why Black remained politically marginalized and experienced systematic job discrimination in the segregated South
E. provide evidence that educational progress was a precondition for economic progress in the segregated South
2. Which of the following best describes the purpose of the highlighted sentence?
A. It clarifies a point introduced in the preceding sentence.
B. It reiterates a point introduced in the first sentence of the passage.
C. It questions the accuracy of some of the evidence used to support the argument of the historians.
D. It introduces a perspective that runs contrary to the view of those who endorse the “belief.” E. It qualifies the interpretation made by the historians.
3. The passage suggests which of the following about the Civil Rights movement?
A. It gave rise to a rapid increase in the number of Black newspapers published in the South. B. Its political effectiveness was greatly enhanced by the increased circulation of Black newspapers.
C. Its leadership benefited from improvements in education for African Americans.
D. It was the force primarily responsible for increasing per capita spending in Black schools. E. It was responsible for changing many historians’ view of the relation between education and African American empowerment.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
136
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 134
An influential early view held that ecosystems contain niches for a limited number of species and that competition for resources among species—whether native or nonnative invading ones —determines ecosystems’ species composition. However, factors other than competition often help explain invading species’ success. For example, the American grey squirrel, often cited as a classic example of competitively superior invading species, was introduced in England in 1876 and now thrives, while the native red squirrel population has declined. Although scientists have found gray squirrels to be more efficient foragers than red ones, they also note that even before the gray squirrel’s arrival, Britain’s red squirrel populations had a periodic tendency to die out, only to be subsequently reintroduced. Furthermore, many gray squirrels are silent carriers of a disease fatal to red squirrels.
1. It can be inferred that the author of the passage mentions the efficiency with which gray squirrels forage primarily in order to
A. identify a factor that explains a certain phenomenon
B. call attention to an inconsistency in a particular theory
C. suggest that competition cannot be the factor responsible for a particular outcome
D. acknowledge a fact that appears to support a view that the author intends to qualify
E. cite evidence that is not consistent with an early influential view about species competition
2. It can be inferred that the author of the passage would be most likely to agree with which of the following statements about the “early view?”
A. It reflects a mistaken assumption about the means by which nonnative species are introduced into ecosystems.
B. Its basic premise is shown to be valid by the effect of American gray squirrels on Britain’s red squirrel population.
C. It presents a simplistic picture of the means by which species composition within ecosystems is determined.
D. It can effectively explain the formation of ecosystems that contain few species but cannot adequately account for the formation of complex ecosystems.
E. It understates the importance of competition as a factor determining species composition within ecosystems.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
137
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 135
The revival of mural painting that has occurred in San Francisco since the 1970s, especially among the Chicano population of the city’s Mission District, has marked differences from its social realist forerunner in Mexico and the United States some 40 years earlier. Rather than being government sponsored and limited to murals on government buildings, the contemporary mural movement sprang from the people themselves, with murals appearing on community buildings and throughout college campuses. Perhaps the biggest difference, however, is the process. In earlier twentieth-century Mexico, murals resulted from the vision of individual artists. But today’s murals are characteristically the products of artists working with local residents on design and creation.
Such community engagement is characteristic of the Chicano art movement as a whole, which evolved from the same foundations as the Chicano civil rights movement of the mid-1960s. Both were a direct response to the needs of Chicanos in the United States, who were fighting for the right to adequate education, political empowerment, and decent working conditions. Artists joined other cultural workers in making political statements and played a key role in taking these statements to the public. They developed collectives and established cultural centers that functioned as the public-relations arm of the Chicano sociopolitical movement.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to 
A. argue for the superiority of a style of art
B. consider the impact of an art movement
C. describe the political content of a certain works of art D. detail the characteristic style of an art movement
E. place an art movement in its historical context
2. According to the passage, which of the following statements about the “cultural centers” is true? 
A. They were the venue where many later leaders of the Chicano civil rights movement first became politically active.
B. Though later widespread, they originated in San Francisco area.
C. Springing up in a number of communities, they initially had largely apolitical goals centered on art instruction.
D. They constituted the nucleus from which the Chicano civil rights movement originated.
E. Founded by artists, they provided support for the Chicano civil rights movement.
3. Which of the following best describes the relationship between the first paragraph and the second paragraph of the passage?
A. The first focuses on the mural artists as individuals; the second, on their actions as a group. B. The first compares the mural revival with an earlier artistic movement; the second describes the context contemporary to the revival
C. The first defines the revival by distinguishing it from an earlier artistic movement; the second addresses the political goals of both the revival and its forerunner
D. The first presents an apparently plausible account of the relationship between the revival and is forerunner, the second calls that account into question
E. The first is concerned with the artistic aims and ambitions behind the San Francisco murals; the second considers their political significance
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
138
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 136
Although Elizabeth Stuart Phelps’ novel Doctor Zay (1882) dominates critical discussion of Phelps’ interest in woman doctors, preceding it were many little-known writings by Phelps. These writings underscored the achievements of already established women doctors, the imperative of medically educating and training women in the face of pernicious resistance, and the medical woman’s symbolic value as an agent of healing in post-Civil War America. An exploration of this largely overlooked early prose demonstrates that Phelps played an instrumental role in legitimizing the American medical woman during a crucial earlier period when the number of women doctors in the United States increased substantially, but the woman doctor remained perhaps the most controversial new presence on the nation’s occupational landscape.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1. It can be inferred that the author of the passage would be likely to agree with which of the following statements about Phelps’ writing?
A. While Phelps’ earlier works did a great deal toward legitimizing the figure of the American woman doctor, her novel Doctor Zay did not.
B. Critics have tended to underestimate the impact Phelps’ earlier work had in helping to legitimize the figure of the American woman doctor during an important period.
C. The substantial increase in the number of woman doctors in post-Civil War America was a more significant factor than was Phelps’ writing in helping to legitimize woman doctors in post- Civil War America.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. The passage provides information on which of the following?
A. The public response to the emergence of women doctors during Phelps’ lifetime B. How Phelps’ earlier works advanced the cause of American women doctors
C. The relative fame of Doctor Zay in comparison with Phelps’ other writings
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
139
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 137
A bird’s plumage, while contributing to structural integrity and participating in aerial locomotion, completely obscures a bird’s internal activity from human view, greatly impeding our attempts to understand birds as functioning animals. Plumage has even made it difficult to describe bird movement. When describing the movement of mammals, writers turn to well-worn clichés like “grace in motion.” A mammal’s rippling muscles slide smoothly over one another in eye- catching ways. With a mammal, whether a mouse or hippopotamus, we recognize that the underlying body parts are similar to our own and we know these parts will act predictably. Not so with a bird. For centuries, we knew little more about a bird’s movement than that it was a mystery that seemed to be based on the flapping of wings.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1. The passage mentions which of the following as an effect of bird plumage? A. It contributes to a bird’s ability to fly.
B. It hides the inner workings of birds.
C. It contributes to the structural soundness of birds.
2. The author implies which of the following about the “underlying body parts” of nonhuman mammals?
A. They are more similar to humans’ underlying body parts than most people assume.
B. They are more predictable in their workings than are the underlying body parts of humans. C. Their smooth and grateful actions belie how complicated they actually are.
D. They work in much different ways than do the underlying body parts of most birds. E. They are easier to observe and understand than are underlying parts of birds.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
140
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 138
In the 1920s, Gerstmann described a set of problems found in people who have suffered damage to the brain’s left parietal lobe, problems that include being unable to understand arithmetic and having difficulty identifying one’s fingers. There is still no agreement on whether the symptoms Gerstmann noticed constitute a syndrome, but the parts of the brain used for storing facts about numbers and for representing the fingers are close to each other. Mental representations of numbers and of fingers may therefore be functionally connected. A 2005 experiment had people perform some tasks requiring dexterity and others involving matching pairs of numbers, while an area of their parietal lobes—the left angular gyrus—was stimulated by a magnetic field. Facility at both sets of tasks was impaired.
1. A. B. C. D. E.
The author of the passage would most likely agree that the highlighted statement suggests a flaw in the experiment conducted in 2005
a means by which dexterity might compensate for a loss of arithmetic ability
an explanation for some of Gerstmann’s observations
an anomaly in some of Gerstmann’s results
a reason to doubt damage to the left parietal lobe as a causal factor in certain symptoms
2.
to
A.
and the part used for representing the fingers
B. illustrate the implications that Gerstmann’s work may have for experimental research
C. cast doubt on the idea that damage to the left parietal lobe causes the set of problems that Gerstmann described
The author of the passage describes the “2005 experiment” and its results primarily in order establish the proximity between the part of the brain used for storing numerical information
D. support a hypothesis about a significant association between parts of the brain related to fingers and to numbers
E. suggest that the problems Gerstmann noted in relation to numbers and fingers have a different cause than the other problems associated with parietal lobe damage
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
141
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 139
Analyzing levels of proportional representation of American Indians in state and local government jobs is important for several reasons. First, the basic idea underlying the theory of representative bureaucracy is that the demographic composition of bureaucracy should mirror the demographic composition of the general public. This is because in addition to its symbolic value, increased access to managerial position may lead to greater responsiveness on the part of policy makers to the policy interests of traditionally disadvantaged groups such as American Indians. Second, the focus on higher level jobs in bureaucracies (as opposed to non-managerial positions) is especially important because managerial positions represent a major source of economic progress for members of traditionally disadvantaged groups, as these jobs confer good salaries, benefits, status, security, and mobility. Third, it is important to know if there has been growth in the American Indian share of more desirable public sector positions over the last two decades. For instance, Peterson and Duncan argue that the population and power of American Indians have been growing in certain states. Peterson and Duncan also suggest that this growth may reflect the possibility that American Indian population are becoming more active in nontraditional areas of politics, assimilating into mainstream culture, and securing with greater frequency leadership positions in non-tribal government.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. summarize a demographic trend overt time
B. present findings on a demographic group
C. analyze the demographic composition of a type of job D. explain the need for particular social research
E. argue for the implementation of a social policy
2. Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence in the context of the passage as whole?
A. It hypothesizes a phenomenon that might explain a point made in the preceding sentence. B. It provides evidence that undermines that assertion made in the first sentence.
C. It offers a projection regarding the development of a trend mentioned earlier in the passage. D. It presents an interpretation of a discrepancy noted earlier in the passage.
E. It proposed an implementation of a policy mentioned in the preceding sentence.
3. The passage suggests which of the following regarding “access to managerial positions” for disadvantaged groups?
A. This access is only significant when the percentage of disadvantaged group members in managerial positions mirrors the percent of that group in the general public.
B. This access is largely the result of policy decisions made response to interest of those groups.
C. This access has meaning apart from any policy benefits it confer on those groups.
D. This access often creates increased access to non-managerial position for those groups. E. The extent of this access tends to be similar across different disadvantaged groups.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
142
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 140
Some attine ants carry vegetation into their nests and add fungal material, thereby creating “gardens” in which fungal food for the ants grow. Because the ants play the behaviorally active role, it seems compelling to say that they cultivate and control the passive fungi. But even if that is true, the symbiotic association has existed for so long that cultivar traits may have evolved in the fungi that benefit the fungi but not necessarily the ants. Furthermore, many microorganisms have developed sophisticated mechanisms to manipulate the physiology and behavior of their symbiotic animals. It is not implausible, therefore, that the ants’ fungi have evolved chemical and physiological schemes that alter ant behavior to serve the fungus’ reproductive interests, possibly even compromising the reproductive interests for the ant hosts.
1. The passage points out which of the following in order to explain the appeal of the notion that some attine ants cultivate and control fungus?
A. The ants play the behaviorally active roles in the symbiotic relationship.
B. The ants purposefully carry vegetation into their nests for their own consumption.
C. Fungus is physiologically a passive substance.
D. Other organisms are able to manipulate their symbiotic partners.
E. The chemical and physiological properties of the fungus are subject to ant influence.
2. In the context in which it appears, the word “manipulate” most nearly means A. influence
B. oversee
C. coerce
D. deceive
E. outmaneuver
考满分All In One
考满分GRE阅读
143
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 141
As of late 1980s, neither theorists nor large-scale computer climate models could accurately predict whether cloud systems would help or hurt a warming globe. Some studies suggested that a four percent increase in stratocumulus clouds over the ocean could compensate for a doubling in atmospheric carbon dioxide, preventing a potentially disastrous planet-wide temperature increase. On the other hand, an increase in cirrus clouds could increase global warming.
That clouds represented the weakest element in climate models was illustrated by a study of fourteen such models. Comparing climate forecasts for a world with double the current amount of carbon dioxide, researchers found that the models agreed quite well if clouds were not included. But when clouds were incorporated, a wide range of forecasts was produced. With such discrepancies plaguing the models, scientists could not easily predict how quickly the world’s climate would change, nor could they tell which regions would face dustier droughts or deadlier monsoons.
1. The author of the passage is primarily concerned with A. confirming a theory 
B. supporting a statement 
C. presenting new information
D. predicting future discoveries E. comparing points of view
2. It can be inferred that one reason the fourteen models described in the passage failed to agree was that
A. they failed to incorporate the most up-to-date information about the effect of clouds on climate 
B. they were based on faulty information about factors other than clouds that affect climate
C. they were based on different assumptions about the overall effects of clouds on climate
D. their originators disagreed about the kinds of forecasts the models should provide 
E. their originators disagreed about the factors other than clouds that should be included in the models
3. The information in the passage suggests that scientists would have to answer which of the following questions in order to predict the effect of clouds on the warming of the globe? 
A. What kinds of cloud systems will form over the Earth?
B. How can cloud systems be encouraged to form over the ocean?
C. What are the causes of the projected planetwide temperature increase? 
D. What proportion of cloud systems are currently composed of cirrus clouds?
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
144
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 142
Many theorists now doubt that heat loss from Earth’s core and radioactive decay are sufficient by themselves to produce all the energy driving the tectonic plates whose movements have helped shaped Earth’s surface. This leaves a loose end in current geological theory. Herbert Shaw argues that because scientists have underestimated the input of substantial amounts of energy from extraterrestrial impactors (asteroids and comets striking Earth), they have difficulty accounting for the difference between the quantity of energy produced from sources intrinsic to Earth and that involved in plate tectonics. Whereas most geologists have treated the addition of energy through the bombardment of Earth’s surface by such impactors as a process separate and independent from the movement of Earth’s tectonic plates, Shaw asserts that these processes are indivisible. Shaw’s revolutionary “open-system” view recognizes a continuum between terrestrial and extraterrestrial dynamics, whereas modern plate tectonic theory, like the classical geology developed during the nineteenth century, is founded on the view that Earth’s geological features have changed through gradual, regular processes intrinsic to Earth, without reference to unique catastrophic events. Classical geology borrowed a decisive, if unspoken, premise from Newton—the independence of Earth’s processes from any astronomical context.
1. The author’s primary purpose is to
A. identify the influences informing a particular geological theory about the processes that have shaped Earth’s surface
B. identify differences between two views of the extraterrestrial impactors and argue that the phenomenon has influenced the development of plate tectonic theory
C. argue that an explanation is based on a dubious evidence and propose an alternative explanation
D. discuss an explanation and place that explanation under theoretical context
E. suggest that apparent discrepancy poses a serious problem for a particular theory that many have believed
2. The author of the passage mentions the “continuum” in order to
A. point out a relationship between plate tectonics and the nineteenth-century geology
B. explain how a theory of Newton’s could influence geology and plate tectonic theory.
C. distinguish between two sources of energy that contributed to the development of Earth’s surface.
D. point out a similarity between the surface of impactors and the surface of Earth.
E. identify a feature of Shaw’s view that deviates from current scientific theories.
3. The passage suggests which of the following about tectonic theory?
A. It has led scientists to overlook an important contribution to classical geologists from Newton.
B. It has been more successful than was classical geology in accounting for heat loss from Earth’s core.
C. It is based on premise about Earth’s processes discerned in Newton’s thought.
D. It has correctly explained the effects of extraterrestrial impactors on Earth’s surface.
E. It corrects a fundamental flaw in classical geology.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
145
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 143
Human impacts on the natural environment during the later part of the Holocene (beginning about 4,000 years ago) complicate investigations into environmental change during that period because the signals produced by human-and climate-induced change are sometimes difficult to separate. For example, in the later Holocene, one indicator of increased aridity due to climate change is an increase in pollen from grasses, as forest vegetation gives way to grassland. Such a change in vegetation could alternatively be attributed to human impact in the form of agricultural development. Examples of such human impact from 4,000 years ago would be small-scale, however, since the broad ecosystem changes brought about by the widespread adoption of agricultural technologies occurred later.
1. Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence in the context of the passage as a whole?
A. It provides an example of the kind of problems that often complicate investigations into environmental change.
B. It call into question the reliability of the established dates for later Holocene agricultural development.
C. It describes the nature of localized agricultural developments during the later Holocene. D. It outlines a hypothesis that draws on evidence discussed earlier in the passage.
E. It limits the scope of a particular complication mentioned earlier in the passage.
2. According to the passage, which of the following is true regarding environmental changes 4,000 years ago?
A. No localized increases in grass pollen were caused by agricultural development.
B. Increases in grass pollen were at least sometimes a reflection of an increase in aridity. C. Wholesale ecosystem changes probably resulted from agricultural development.
D. Any small-scale changes occurring then would not be detectable now.
E. Environmental change helped induce the adoption of agricultural technologies.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
146
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 144
Meggers argued that agriculture depends on extracting nutrients from soils into edible crops, so premodern societies in Amazonia could never grow large because underlying soils are impoverished. In Meggers’ view the population size that a culture could reach depended upon the agricultural potential of its environment. Meggers accepted that fish and turtle resources of the Amazon made possible the long riverside villages the explorer Orellana described in 1542, but she dismissed as exaggerated Carvajal’s estimates of tens of thousands of people in those settlements, and she was sure those settlements did not have inland counterparts. Supporting this point, the Omagua, a riverbank people and one of the greatest chiefdoms observed by Carvajal as a member of Orellana’s expedition, regarded hinterland forests as unpopulated wilderness.
1. In the context of the passage the highlighted sentence serves to
A. explain the broader rationale for a conclusion described in the preceding sentence
B. suggest some of the drawbacks of the riverbank location of the villages described in the following sentence
C. acknowledge information that appears to undermine a description attributed to Orellana D. introduce a principle that appears to be contradicted by the agricultural development of premodern Amazonia
E. give a reason for an upward revision in earlier estimates for premodern Amazonia
2. From the passage it can be inferred that Omagua depended on A. overland transport to communicate between villages
B. foraging inland to obtain foodstuffs not available locally
C. some form of fertilization to boost agricultural production
D. fish and turtles for at least part of their diet
E. trade with other peoples for some raw materials
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
147
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 145
When selecting a nest, the female of the river blenny (a small fish) appears to be sensitive to both size and orientation. Blennies deposit their eggs preferably in nests under large stones and in nests facing southeast. Southeast-facing nests contain larger egg clutches, a fact that cannot be completely explained by differences in nest stone sizes. Moreover, in a recent study, current speeds upstream of the nest and at the nest entrance were similar for nests facing southeast and those facing in other directions. A southeast-facing entrance per se thus seems to be the specific nest feature preferred by females, rather than the effect of selective positioning on current at nest entrance. The reasons for this preference are unclear, however.
1. The passage is concerned with which of the following
A. determining the different ways in which current speeds can influence the nesting preferences of female river blennies
B. establishing nest orientation as a determining factor in egg laying among female river blennies
C. questioning the importance of nest size as an influence on egg laying among female river blennies
D. comparing the features of female river blennies that face southeast with those of nests facing in other directions
E. examining how female river blennies determine the relative importance of nest size versus nest orientation
2. The author of the passage considers “current speeds” in order to
A. identify a factor that undermines the significance of nest stone size for female river blennies B. indicate one possible advantage of river blenny nests that do not face southeast
C. eliminate a possible explanation for a nest orientation tendency among female river blennies
D. indicate why female river blennies are sensitive to both size and orientation of possible nests
E. suggest a reason why many female blennies prefer southeast-facing nests
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
148
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 146
The editors of the essay collection Romantic biography tell us repeatedly that biography is an invention of the Romantic period in British literature (late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries), yet we are never shown that process of invention motion. Hazlitt, the most prominent example of the Romantic biographer, is almost invisible. The Romantic period was not just the period in which biography was invented—or, rather, the period in which some of its informing principles were invented, since biography could just as easily be said to have originated in the scandalous memoirs that formed part of the pre-Romantic culture of the novel. It was also the period in which biography, through its sheer ubiquity, became an object of major ideological significance within British culture.
1. The passage mentions the "scandalous memoirs ” that were written prior to the Romantic period primarily in order to
A. indicate an alternative account of the origins of biography
B. compare these memoirs to Romantic biography
C. explain how biography became ubiquitous in British culture D question the ideological significance accorded to biography E. suggest that biographies were not as popular as memoirs
2. According to the passage, biography attained great significance within British culture during the Romantic period because biographies
A. were associated with scandal
B. were easy to read and comprehend
C. were so widespread in Britain at the time D. challenged conventional British ideologies E. contributed to the development of the novel
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
149
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 147
Our study revealed that nest-guarding long-tailed skinks (a species of lizard) homed (returned to their nests) more successfully when displaced shorter distances. There are two reasons why homing success rates decreased with increasing displacement distance. One possibility is that females were simply displaced too far to find their way home. However, this is unlikely given that some individuals managed to find their way home from each distance we used. The second possibility deals with trade-offs between the risks associated with making a long return trip and the benefits of returning. Animals should expend energy only when the associated costs are low. As reptiles increase the time spent moving, their daily energy expenditure increases dramatically. The energetic costs of returning home and the chances that the eggs will have been preyed upon during the return trip both increase substantially as displacement distance increases. For example, the 130 hours (5.5 days) that female skinks spent returning from a distance of 300 meters is sufficient for an egg-eating snake to locate and prey upon the entire clutch. However, females with larger clutches were more likely to home at distances over 50 meters. For these females, the relative fitness benefits associated with having more eggs successfully hatch may outweigh the energetic costs of returning to a nest site, even if the nest may have already been preyed upon.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. question the validity of research on nest-guarding behavior in long-tailed skinks
B. consider explanations for a finding regarding long-tailed skinks
C. discuss the importance of homing for long-tailed skinks
D. describe the relationship between clutch size and homing success in long-tailed skinks E. identify the benefits of a behavior common among long-tailed skinks
2. The claim in the highlighted sentence assumes which of the following about the individuals that managed to find their way home from each distance?
A. They were less able to detect egg-eating predators than were the other long-tailed skinks studied.
B. They were more averse to risk than were the other long-tailed skinks studied
C. They expended less energy when homing than did the other long-tailed skinks studied. D. They did not possess better homing skills than did the other long-tailed skinks studied. E. They had significantly smaller clutches than did the other long-tailed skinks studied.
3. The "second possibility" implies which of the following as a possible explanation for the female long-tailed skinks that failed to home from distances over 50 meters ?
A. They had relatively small clutches.
B. They were unable to find their way home.
C. They lacked sufficient energy to home successfully.
D. They had male long-tailed skinks guarding their clutches.
E. They detected evidence of egg-eating snakes In the vicinity of their nests.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
150
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 148
Mary Barton, particularly in its early chapters, is a moving response to the suffering of the industrial worker in the England of the 1840s. What is most impressive about the book is the intense and painstaking effort made by the author, Elizabeth Gaskell, to convey the experience of everyday life in working class homes. Her method is partly documentary in nature: the novel includes such features as a carefully annotate reproduction of dialect, the exact details of food prices in an account of a tea party, an itemized description of the furniture of the Bartons’ living room, and a transcription (again annotated) of the ballad “The Oldham Weaver”. The interest of this record is considerable, even though the method has a slightly distancing effect.
As a member of the middle class, Gaskell could hardly help approaching working-class life as an outside observer and a reporter, and the reader of the novel is always conscious of this fact. But there is genuine imaginative re-creation in her accounts of the walk in Green Heys Fields, of tea at the Bartons’ house, and of John Barton and his friend’s discovery of the starving family in the cellar in the chapter “Poverty and Death.” Indeed, for a similarly convincing re-creation of such families’ emotions and responses (which are more crucial than the material details on which the mere reporter is apt to concentrate), the English novel had to wait 60 years for the early writing of D. H. Lawrence. If Gaskell never quite conveys the sense of full participation that would completely authenticate this aspect of Mary Bartons, she still brings to these scenes an intuitive recognition of feelings that has its own sufficient conviction.
The chapter “Old Aice’s History” brilliantly dramatizes the situation of that early generation of workers brought from the villages and the countryside to the urban industrial centers. The account of Job Leigh, the weaver and naturalist who is devoted to the study of biology, vividly embodies one kind of response to an urban industrial environment: an affinity for living things that hardens, by its very contrast with its environment, into a kind of crankiness. The early chapters—about factory workers walking out in spring into Green Heys Fields, about Alice Wilson, remembering in her cellar the twig-gathering for brooms in the native village that she will never again see, about job Leigh, intent on his impaled insects—capture the characteristic responses of a generation to the new and crushing experience of industrialism. The other early chapters eloquently portray the development of the instinctive cooperation with each other that was already becoming an important tradition among workers.
1. It can be inferred from examples given in the last paragraph of the passage that which of the following was part of “the new and crushing experience of industrialism” for many members of the English working class in the nineteenth century.
A. extortionate food prices
B. geographical displacement
C. hazardous working conditions D. alienation from fellow workers E. dissolution of family ties
2. It can be inferred that the author of the passage believes that Mary Barton might have been an even better novel if Gaskell
A. concentrated on the emotions of a single character
B. made no attempt to re-create experiences of which she had no firsthand knowledge
C. made no attempt to reproduce working-class dialects D. grown up in an industrial city
E. managed to transcend her position as an outsider
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
151
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 3. Which of the following best describes the author’s attitude toward Gaskell’s use of the method of documentary record in Mary Barton?
A. uncritical enthusiasm
B. unresolved ambivalence
C. qualified approval
D. resigned acceptance E. mild irritation
4. Which of the following is most closely analogous to Job Leigh in Mary Barton, as that character is described in the passage?
A. an entomologist who collected butterflies as a child
B. a small-town attorney whose hobby is nature photography
C. a young man who leaves his family’s dairy farm to start his own business D. a city dweller who raises exotic plants on the roof of his apartment building E. a union organizer who works in a textile mill under dangerous conditions
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
152
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 149
Although, recent years have seen substantial reductions in noxious pollutants from individual motor vehicles, the number of such vehicles has been steadily increasing, consequently, more than 100 cities in the United States still have levels of carbon monoxide, particulate matter, and ozone (generated by photochemical reactions with hydrocarbons from vehicle exhaust) that exceed legally established limits. There is a growing realization that the only effective way to achieve further reductions in vehicle emissions—short of a massive shift away from the private automobile—is to replace conventional diesel fuel and gasoline with cleaner-burning fuels such as compressed natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, ethanol, or methanol.
All of these alternatives are carbon-based fuels whose molecules are smaller and simpler than those of gasoline. These molecules burn more cleanly than gasoline, in part because they have fewer, if any, carbon-carbon bonds, and the hydrocarbons they do emit are less likely to generate ozone. The combustion of larger molecules, which have multiple carbon-carbon bonds, involves a more complex series of reactions. These reactions increase the probability of incomplete combustion and are more likely to release uncombusted and photochemically active hydrocarbon compounds into the atmosphere. On the other hand, alternative fuels do have drawbacks. Compressed natural gas would require that vehicles have a set of heavy fuel tanks—a serious liability in terms of performance and fuel efficiency—and liquefied petroleum gas faces fundamental limits on supply.
Ethanol and methanol, on the other hand, have important advantages over other carbon-based alternative fuels: they have a higher energy content per volume and would require minimal changes in the existing network for distributing motor fuel. Ethanol is commonly used as a gasoline supplement, but it is currently about twice as expensive as methanol, the low cost of which is one of its attractive features. Methanol’s most attractive feature, however, is that it can reduce by about 90 percent the vehicle emissions that form ozone, the most serious urban air pollutant.
Like any alternative fuel, methanol has its critics. Yet much of the criticism is based on the use of “gasoline clone” vehicles that do not incorporate even the simplest design improvements that are made possible with the use of methanol. It is true, for example, that a given volume of methanol provides only about one-half of the energy that gasoline and diesel fuel do; other things being equal, the fuel tank would have to be somewhat larger and heavier. However, since methanol-fueled vehicles could be designed to be much more efficient than “gasoline clone” vehicles fueled with methanol, they would need comparatively less fuel. Vehicles incorporating only the simplest of the engine improvements that methanol makes feasible would still contribute to an immediate lessening of urban air pollution.
1. According to the passage, incomplete combustion is more likely to occur with gasoline than with an alternative fuel because
A. the combustion of gasoline releases photochemically active hydrocarbons
B. the combustion of gasoline involves an intricate series of reactions
C. gasoline molecules have a simple molecular structure D. gasoline is composed of small molecules.
E. gasoline is a carbon-based fuel
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
153
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 2. Which of the following most closely parallels the situation described in the first sentence of the passage?
A. Although a town reduces its public services in order to avoid a tax increase, the town’s tax rate exceeds that of other towns in the surrounding area.
B. Although a state passes strict laws to limit the type of toxic material that can be disposed of in public landfills, illegal dumping continues to increase.
C. Although a town’s citizens reduce their individual use of water, the town’s water supplies continue to dwindle because of a steady increase in the total population of the town.
D. Although a country attempts to increase the sale of domestic goods by adding a tax to the price of imported goods, the sale of imported goods within the country continues to increase. E. Although a country reduces the speed limit on its national highways, the number of fatalities caused by automobile accidents continues to increase.
3. It can be inferred from the passage that a vehicle specifically designed to use methanol for fuel would
A. be somewhat lighter in total body weight than a conventional vehicle fueled with gasoline B. be more expensive to operate than a conventional vehicle fueled with gasoline
C. have a larger and more powerful engine than a conventional vehicle fueled with gasoline D. have a larger and heavier fuel tank than a “gasoline clone” vehicle fueled with methanol E. average more miles per gallon than a “gasoline clone” vehicle fueled with methanol
4. The passage suggests which of the following about air pollution?
A. Further attempts to reduce emissions from gasoline-fueled vehicles will not help lower urban air-pollution levels.
B. Attempts to reduce the pollutants that an individual gasoline-fueled vehicle emits have been largely unsuccessful.
C. Few serious attempts have been made to reduce the amount of pollutants emitted by gasoline-fueled vehicles.
D. Pollutants emitted by gasoline-fueled vehicles are not the most critical source of urban air pollution.
E. Reductions in pollutants emitted by individual vehicles have been offset by increases in pollution from sources other than gasoline-fueled vehicles.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
154
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 150
Despite winning several prestigious literary awards of the day, when it first appeared, Alice Walker’s The Color Purple generated critical unease over puzzling aspects of its compositions. In what, as one reviewer put it, was “clearly intended to be a realistic novel,” many reviewers perceived violations of the conventions of the realistic novel form, pointing out variously that late in the book, the narrator protagonist Celie and her friends are propelled toward a happy ending with more velocity than credibility, that the letters from Nettie to her sister Celie intrude into the middle of the main action with little motivation or warrant, and that the device of Celie’s letters to God is especially unrealistic in as much as it forgoes the concretizing details that traditionally have given the epistolary novel (that is, a novel composed of letters) its peculiar verisimilitude: the ruses to enable mailing letters, the cache, and especially the letters received in return.
Indeed, the violations of realistic convention are so flagrant that they might well call into question whether The Color of Purple is indeed intended to be a realistic novel, especially since there are indications that at least some of those aspects of the novel regarded by viewers as puzzling may constitutes its links to modes of writing other than Anglo-European nineteenth-century realism. For example, Henry Louis Gates, Jr., has recently located the letters to God within an African American tradition deriving from slave narrative, a tradition in which the act of writing is linked to a powerful deity who “speaks” through scripture and bestows literacy as an act of grace. For Gates, the concern with finding a voice, which he sees as the defining feature of African American literature, links Celie’s letters with certain narrative aspects of Zora Neale Hurston’s 1937 novel Their Eyes Were Watching God, the acknowledged predecessor of The Color Purple.
Gates’s paradigm suggests how misleading it may be to assume that mainstream realist criteria are appropriate for evaluating The Color Purple. But in his preoccupation with voice as a primary element unifying both the speaking subject and the text as a whole Gates does not elucidate many of the more conventional structural features of Walker’s novel. For instance, while the letters from Nettie clearly illustrate Nettie’s acquisition of her own voice, Gates’s focus on “voice” sheds little light on the place that these letters occupy in the narrative or on why the plot takes this sudden jump into geographically and culturally removed surroundings. What is needed is an evaluative paradigm that, rather than obscuring such startling structural features (which may actually be explicitly intended to undermine traditional Anglo-European novelistic conventions), confronts them, thus illuminating the deliberately provocative ways in which The Color Purple departs from the traditional models to which it has been compared.
1. The author of the passage would be most likely to agree with which of the following statements about the letters from Nettie to Celie?
A. They mark an unintended shift to geographically and culturally removed surroundings
B. They may represent a conscious attempt to undermine certain novelistic conventions
C. They are more closely connected to the main action of the novel than is at first apparent D. They owe more to the tradition of the slave narrative than do Celie’s letters to God
E. They illustrate the traditional concretizing details of the epistolary novel form
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
155
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 2. In the second paragraph, the author of the passage is primarily concerned with
A. examining the ways in which The Color Purple echoes its acknowledged predecessor, Their Eyes Were Watching God
B. providing an example of a critic who has adequately addressed the structural features of The Color Purple
C. suggesting that literary models other than the nineteenth-century realistic novel may inform our understanding of The Color Purple
D. demonstrating the ineffectiveness of a particularly scholarly attempt to suggest an alternative way of evaluating The Color Purple
E. disputing the perceived notion that The Color Purple departs from conventions of the realistic novel form
3. According to the passage, an evaluative paradigm that confronts the startling structural features of The Color Purple would accomplish which of the following?
A. It would adequately explain why many reviewers of this novel have discerned its connections to the realistic novel tradition
B. It would show the ways in which this novel differs from its reputed Anglo-European nineteenth-century models
C. It would explicate the overarching role of voice in this novel
D. It would address the ways in which this novel echoes the central themes of Hurston’s Their Eyes Are Watching God
E. It would reveals ways in which these structural features serve to parody novelistic conventions
4. The author of the passage suggests that Gates is most like the reviewers mentioned in the first paragraph in which of the following ways?
A. He points out discrepancies between The Color Purple and other traditional epistolary novels
B. He sees the concern with finding a voice as central to both The Color Purple and Their Eyes Are Watching God
C. He assumes that The Color Purple is intended to be a novel primarily in the tradition of Anglo-American nineteenth-century realism
D. He does not address many of the unsettling structural features of The Color Purple 
E. He recognizes the departure of The Color Purple from traditional Anglo-European realistic novel conventions.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
156
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 151
“Blues is for singing,” writes folk musicologist Paul Oliver, and “is not a form of folk song that stands up particularly well when written down.” A poet who wants to write blues can attempt to avoid this problem by poeticizing the form—but literary blues tend to read like bad poetry rather than like refined folk song. For Oliver, the true spirit of the blues inevitably eludes the self-conscious imitator. However, Langston Hughes, the first writer to grapple with these difficulties of blue poetry, in fact succeeded in producing poems that capture the quality of genuine, performed blues while remaining effective as poems. In inventing blues poetry, Hughes solved two problems: first, how to write blues lyrics in such a way that they work on the printed page, and second, how to exploit the blues form poetically without losing all sense of authenticity.
There are many styles of blues, but the distinction of importance to Hughes is between the genres referred to as “folk blues” and “classic blues.” Folk blues and classic blues are distinguished from one another by differences in performers (local talents versus touring professionals), patronage (local community versus mass audience), creation (improvised versus composed), and transmission (oral versus written). It has been a commonplace among critics that Hughes adopted the classic blues as the primary model for his blues poetry, and that he writes his best blues poetry when he tries least to imitate the folk blues. In this view, Hughes’ attempts to imitate the folk blues are too self-conscious, too determined to romanticize the African American experience, too intent on reproducing what he takes to be the quaint humor and naïve simplicity of the folk blues to be successful.
But a more realistic view is that by conveying his perceptions as a folk artist ought to—through an accumulation of details over the span of his blues oeuvre, rather than by overloading each poem with quaintness and naivety–Hughes made his most important contributions to the genre. His blues poems are in fact closer stylistically to the folk blues on which he modeled them than to the cultivated classic blues. Arnold Rampersad has observed that virtually all of the poems in the 1927 collection in which Hughes essentially originated blues poetry fall deliberatively within the “range of utterance” of common folk. This surely applies to “Young Gal’s Blues,” in which Hughes avoids the conventionally “poetic” language and images that the subjects of death and love sometimes elicit in his ordinary lyric poetry. To see what Hughes’ blues poetry might have been like if he had truly adopted the classic blues as his model, one need only look to “Golden Brown Blues,” a song lyric Hughes wrote for composer W.C. Handy. Its images, allusions, and diction are conspicuously remote from the common “range of utterance.”
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. describe the influence of folk and classic blues on blues poetry
B. analyze the effect of African American culture on blues poetry
C. demonstrate that the language used in Hughes’ blues poetry is colloquial D. defend Hughes’ blues poetry against criticism that it is derivative
E. refute an accepted view of Hughes’ blues poetry style
2. The author of the passage uses the highlighted quotation primarily to A. indicate how blues poetry should be performed
B. highlight the difficulties faced by writers of blues poetry
C. support the idea that blues poetry is a genre doomed to fail
D. illustrate the obstacles that blues poetry is unable to overcome
E. suggest that written forms of blues are less authentic than sung blues
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
157
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 3. It can be inferred from the passage that, as compared with the language of “Golden Brown Blues,” the language of “Young Gal’s Blues” is
A. more colloquial
B. more melodious
C. marked by more allusions
D. characterized by more conventional imagery E. more typical of classic blues song lyrics
4. According to the passage, Hughes’ blues poetry and classic blues are similar in which of the following ways?
A. Both are improvised
B. Both are written down
C. Both are intended for the same audience D. Neither uses colloquial language
E. Neither is professionally performed
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
158
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 152
In February 1848 the people of Paris rose in revolt against the constitutional monarchy of Louis-Philippe. Despite the existence of excellent narrative accounts, the February Days, as this revolt is called, have been largely ignored by social historians of the past two decades. For each of the three other major insurrections in nineteenth-century Paris—July 1830, June 1848, and May 1871—there exists at least a sketch of participants’ backgrounds and an analysis, more or less rigorous, of the reasons for the occurrence of the uprisings. Only in the case of the February Revolution do we lack a useful description of participants that might characterize it in the light of what social history has taught us about the process of revolutionary mobilization.
Two reasons for this relative neglect seem obvious. First, the insurrection of February has been overshadowed by that of June. The February Revolution overthrew a regime, to be sure, but met with so little resistance that it failed to generate any real sense of historical drama. Its successor, on the other hand, appeared to pit key socioeconomic groups in a life-or-death struggle and was widely seen by contemporary observers as marking a historical departure. Through their interpretations, which exert a continuing influence on our understanding of the revolutionary process, the impact of the events of June has been magnified, while, as an unintended consequence, the significance of the February insurrection has been diminished. Second, like other “successful” insurrections, the events of February failed to generate the most desirable kinds of historical records. Although the June insurrection of 1848 and the Paris Commune of 1871 would be considered watersheds of nineteenth-century French history by any standard, they also present the social historian with a signal advantage: these failed insurrections created a mass of invaluable documentation as a by-product of authorities’ efforts to search out and punish the rebels.
Quite different is the outcome of successful insurrections like those of July 1830 and February 1848. Experiences are retold, but participants typically resume their daily routines without ever recording their activities. Those who played salient roles may become the objects of highly embellished verbal accounts or in rare cases, of celebratory articles in contemporary periodicals. And it is true that the publicly acknowledged leaders of an uprising frequently write memoirs. However, such documents are likely to be highly unreliable, unrepresentative, and unsystematically preserved, especially when compared to the detailed judicial dossiers prepared for everyone arrested following a failed insurrection.
As a consequence, it may prove difficult or impossible to establish for a successful revolution a comprehensive and trustworthy picture of those who participated, or to answer even the most basic questions one might pose concerning the social origins of the insurgents.
1. With which of the following statements regarding revolution would the author most likely agree?
A. Revolutionary mobilization requires a great deal of planning by people representing disaffected groups.
B. The objectives of the February Revolution were more radical than those of the June insurrection.
C. The process of revolutionary mobilization varies greatly from one revolution to the next. D. Revolutions vary greatly in the usefulness of the historical records that they produce.
E. As knowledge of the February Revolution increases, chances are good that its importance will eventually eclipse that of the June insurrection.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
159
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 2. Which of the following is the most logical objection to the claim made in the last paragraph? A. The February Revolution of 1848 is much less significant than the July insurrection of 1830. B. The backgrounds and motivations of participants in the July insurrection of 1830 have been identified, however cursorily.
C. Even less is known about the July insurrection of 1830 than about the February Revolution of 1848.
D. Historical records made during the July insurrection of 1830 are less reliable than those made during the May insurrection of 1871.
E. The importance of the July insurrection of 1830 has been magnified at the expense of the significance of the February Revolution of 1848.
3. The purpose of the second paragraph is to explain why
A. the people of Paris revolted in February 1848 against the rule of Louis-Philippe B. there exist excellent narrative accounts of the February Days
C. the February Revolution met with little resistance
D. a useful description of the participants in the February Revolution is lacking
E. the February Revolution failed to generate any real sense of historical drama
4. It can be inferred from the passage that the author considers which of the following essential for understanding a revolutionary mobilization?
A. a comprehensive theory of revolution that can be applied to the major insurrections of the nineteenth century
B. awareness of the events necessary for a revolution to be successful
C. access to narratives and memoirs written by eyewitnesses of a given revolution
D. the historical perspective provided by the passage of a considerable amount of time
E. knowledge of the socioeconomic backgrounds of a revolution’s participants
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
160
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 153
In the late nineteenth century, art critics regarded seventeenth-century Dutch paintings as direct reflections of reality. The paintings were discussed as an index of the democracy of a society that chose to represent its class, action, and occupations exactly as they were, wide- ranging realism was seen as the great accomplishment of Dutch art. However, the achievement of more recent study of Dutch art has been the recovery of the fact that such paintings are to be taken as symbolizing mortality, the renaissance of earthly life, and the power of God, and as message that range from the mildly moralizing to the firmly didactic. How explicit and consistent the symbolizing process was intended to be is a much thornier matter, but anyone who has more familiarity than a passing acquaintance with Dutch literature or with the kinds of images used in illustrated books (above all emblem books) will know how much less pervasive was the habit of investing ordinary objects than of investing scenes with meaning that go beyond their surface and outward appearance. In the mid-1960s, Eddy de Jongh published an extraordinary array of material—especially from the emblem books and vernacular literature—that confirmed the unreliability of taking Dutch pictures at surface value alone.
The major difficulty, however, with the findings of critics such as de Jongh is that it is not easy to assess the multiplicity of levels in which Dutch viewers interpreted these pictures. De Jongh’s followers typically regard the pictures as purely symbolic. Not every object within Dutch paintings need be interpreted in terms of the gloss given to its equivalent representation in the emblem books. Not every foot warmer is to be interpreted in terms of the foot warmer in Rowmer Visscher’s Sinnepoppen of 1614, not every bridle is an emblem of restraint (though many were indeed just that).
To maintain as Brown does, that the two children in Netscher’s painting A Lady Teaching a Child to Read stand for industry and idleness is to fail to understand that the painting has a variety of possible meanings, even though the picture undoubtedly carriers unmistakable symbolic meanings, too. Modern Art historians may well find the discovery of parallels between a painting and a specific emblem exciting, they may, like seventeenth-century viewers, search for the double that lie behind many paintings. But seventeenth-century response can hardly be reduced to the level of formula. To suggest otherwise is to imply a laboriousness of mental process that may well characterize modern interpretations of seventeenth-century Dutch Art, but that was, for the most part, not characteristic in the seventeenth century.
1. The passage is primarily concerned with which of the following? A. reconciling two different points of view about how art reflects
B. criticizing a traditional method of interpretation
C. tracing the development of an innovative scholarly approach
D. describing and evaluating a recent critical approach
E. describing a long-standing controversy and how it was resolved
2. The author of the passage mentions bridles in the highlighted portion of the passage most likely in order to
A. suggest that restraint was only one of the many symbolic meanings attached to bridles
B. provide an example of an everyday, physical object that was not endowed with symbolic meaning
C. provide an example of an object that modern critics have endowed with symbolic meaning different from the meaning assigned it by seventeenth-century Dutch artists
D. provide an example of an object with symbolic meaning that was not always used as a symbol
E. provide an example of an everyday object that appears in a significant number of seventeenth century Dutch paintings
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
161
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 3. Which of the following best describes the function of the last paragraph of the passage? A. It provides specific applications of the critical approach introduced in the preceding paragraph
B. It present a caveat about the critical approach discussed in the preceding paragraph
C. It presents the research on which a theory presented in the preceding paragraph is based D. It refutes a theory presented in the preceding paragraph and advocates a return to a more traditional approach
E. It provides further information about the unusual phenomenon described in the preceding paragraph
4. The passage suggests which of the following about emblem books in seventeenth-century Holland?
A. They confirm that seventeenth century Dutch painting depict some objects and scenes rarely found in daily life.
B. They are more useful than vernacular literature in providing information about the symbolic content of seventeenth-century Dutch painting.
C. They have been misinterpreted by art critics, such as de Jongh, who claim seventeenth- century Dutch paintings contain symbolic meaning
D. They are not useful in interpreting seventeenth-century Dutch landscape painting.
E. They contain material that challenges the assumptions of the nineteenth-century critics about seventeenth-century Dutch painting.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
162
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 154
Late-eighteenth-century English cultural authorities seemingly concurred that women readers should favor history, seen as edifying, than fiction, which was regarded as frivolous and reductive. Readers of Marry Ann Hanway’s novel Andrew Stewart, or the Northern Wanderer, learning that its heroine delights in David Hume’s and Edward Gibbon’s histories, could conclude that she was more virtuous and intelligent than her sister, who disdains such reading. Likewise, while the naïve, novel-addicted protagonist of Jane Austen’s Northanger Abbey, Catherine Morland, finds history a chore, the sophisticated, sensible character Eleanor Tilney enjoys it more than she does the Gothic fiction Catherine prefers. Yet in both cases, the praise of history is more double-edged than it might actually appear. Many readers have detected a protofeminist critique of history in Catherine’s protest that she dislikes reading books filled with men “and hardly any women at all.” Hanway, meanwhile, brings a controversial political edge to her heroine’s reading, listing the era’s two most famous religious skeptics among her preferred authors. While Hume’s history was generally seen as being less objectionable than his philosophy, there were widespread doubts about his moral soundness even as a historian by the time that Hanway was writing, and Gibbon’s perceived tendency to celebrate classical paganism sparked controversy from the first appearance of his history of Rome.
1. The author’s primary purpose is that
A. the evidence used in support of a particular argument is questionable
B. a distinction between two genres of writing has been overlooked
C. a particular issue is more complex than it might appear
D. two apparently different works share common features
E. two eighteenth-century authors held significantly different attitudes toward a particular
2. According to the passage, which of the following is true of Hume’s reputation in the late eighteenth century?
A. He was more regarded as a historian than Gibbon
B. His historical writing, like his philosophical writing, came to be regarded as problematic C. He was more well-known for his historical writing than for his philosophical writing
D. His historic writing came to be regarded as morally questionable because of his association with Gibbon
E. His views about classical paganism brought him disapproval among the general reading public
3. The highlighted sentence exemplifies which of the following?
A. cultural authorities’ attempt to use novels to support their view about the value of reading fiction
B. eighteenth-century women authors’ attempts to embody in their work certain cultural authorities’ views about reading
C. a point about the educational value of reading books about history
D. an instance in which a particular judgment about the value of reading history is apparently presupposed
E. a challenge to an assumption about eighteenth-century women’s reading habits
4. The author mentions the “widespread doubts” in order to
A. support a point about the scholarly merit of Hume’s writings
B. contrast Hume’s philosophical writing with his writing on historical subjects
C. suggest that Hanway did not understand the implicit controversy depicting her heroine as reading Hume
D. identify an ambiguity in Hanway’s depiction of the philosopher in The Northern Wanderer E. illustrate a point about a way eighteenth-century fiction sometimes represented historians
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
163
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 155
Columnist: Until very recently, Presorbin and Veltrex, two medications used to block excess stomach acid, were both available only with a prescription written by a doctor. In an advertisement for Presorbin, its makers argue that Presorbin is superior on the grounds that doctors have written 200 million prescriptions for Presorbin, as compared to 100 million for Veltrex. It can be argued that the number of prescriptions written is never a worthwhile criterion for comparing the merits of medicines, but that the advertisement’s argument is absurd is quite adequately revealed by observing that Presorbin was available as a prescription medicine years before Veltrex was.
 
In the columnist’s argument, the two highlighted portions play which of the following roles? A. The first is a claim that the columnist’s argument seeks to clarify; the second states a conclusion drawn about one possible interpretation of that claim.
B. The first identifies the conclusion of an argument that the columnist’s argument is directed against; the second states the main conclusion of the columnist’s argument.
C. The first states the main conclusion of the columnist’s argument; the second states a conclusion that the columnist draws in defending that conclusion against an objection.
D. The first identifies an assumption made in an argument that the columnist's argument is directed against; the second states the main conclusion of the columnist’s argument.
E. The first is a claim that has been offered as evidence to support a position that the columnist opposes; the second states the main conclusion of the columnist’s argument.
Passage 156
Stylistic evidence and laboratory evidence strongly support the claim that the magnificent painting Garden of Eden is a work of the Flemish master van Eyck. Nevertheless, the painting must have been the work of someone else, as anyone with a little historical and zoological knowledge can tell merely by looking at the painting. The animals in the painting are all vivid representations of actual animals, including armadillos. Yet armadillos are native only to Americas, and van Eyck died decades before Europeans reached the Americas.
In the argument given, the two highlighted portions play which of the following roles?
A. The first is a position that the argument seeks to reject, the second is evidence that the argument uses against that position.
B. The first and the second are each pieces of evidence that have been used to support the position that the argument opposes.
C. The first presents the main conclusion of the argument; the second provides evidence in support of that conclusion.
D. The first is a judgment that serves as the basis for the main conclusion of the argument; the second states that main conclusion.
E. The first is an intermediate conclusion drawn in order to support a further conclusion stated in the argument; the second provides evidence in support of that intermediate conclusion.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
164
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 157
New methods developed in genetic research have led taxonomists to revise their views on the evolutionary relationships between many species. Traditionally the relatedness of species has been ascertained by a close comparison of their anatomy. The new methods infer the closeness of any two species’ relationship to each other directly from similarities between the species’ genetic codes.
Which of the following conclusions is best supported by the information?
A. The apparent degree of relatedness of some species, as determined by anatomical criteria, is not borne out by their degree of genetic similarity.
B. When they know the differences between two species’ genetic codes, taxonomists can infer what the observable anatomical differences between those species must be.
C. The degree to which individuals of the same species are anatomically similar is determined more by their genetic codes than by such environmental factors as food supply.
D. The traditional anatomical methods by which taxonomists investigated the relatedness of species are incapable of any further refinement.
E. Without the use of genetic methods, taxonomists would never be able to obtain any accurate information about species’ degrees of relatedness to one another.
Passage 158
Sportfishers introduced the Zander, a type of perch, to Britain’s rivers and canals in the 1970s. Because zander eat large numbers of smaller fish, they have had a devastating effect on native fish populations. To protect the native fish, a government program removed a significant proportion of the zander from Britain’s waterways last year. Surprisingly, this year the loss of native fish to zander has been greater than before.
Which of the following, if true, would most help to explain the greater effect of zander on the native fish population?
A. The climate in Britain is very similar to the climate in regions to which zander are native. B. Most of the zander removed were fully grown, and fully grown zander eat large numbers of smaller zander.
C. Every year a large number of zander are caught by sportfisher in Britain’s waterway.
D. Previous government program designed to remove nonnative species from Britain’s waterways have failed.
E. Zander are just one of several nonnative fish that prey on the other fish found in Britain’s waterway.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
165
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 159
There are many structural and thematic similarities between Piers Plowman by Langland (1330-1400) and House of Fame by Chaucer (1342-1400), two Middle English poems relating dream visions. Some critics have argued that because a number of the shared elements are uncommon in Middle English poetry, and because Langland’s poem probably predates Chaucer’s by a few years, Chaucer was most likely influenced by Piers Plowman when writing House of Fame.
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the critics’ argument?
A. Piers Plowman is one of Langland’s major works, whereas House of Fame is a minor work of Chaucer’s.
B. House of Fame survives in only three manuscript copies, substantially fewer than the number of manuscript copies that exist of Piers Plowman.
C. Because Piers Plowman became a well-known work in its day, it is likely that the similarities between it and House of Fame were detected by many of the people who read House of Fame soon after Chaucer wrote it.
D. Many of the themes and structures of Piers Plowman are also found in Latin, Italian, French works with which Chaucer could well have been familiar.
E. There is no evidence that Chaucer and Langland ever met or that they corresponded with each other about literary topics.
Passage 160
The Great Sphinx is a huge statue in Egypt that has a lion’s body with a man’s head. The face of the Sphinx has long been claimed to be that of pharaoh Khafre, who lived around 2600 B.C., but it cannot be: erosion patterns recently discovered on the lion’s legs can only have been caused by heavy rains, and the Sahara has not had heavy rains in over 10,000 years.
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weakens the argument?
A. The face of the Sphinx bears a resemblance to the faces on certain stylized statues dating from both before and after the reign of Khafre.
B. Other erosion patterns that appear on the body of the Sphinx are of a sort that could be caused by wind and sand alone
C. Other than the Sphinx, there are no surviving sculptures that have been claimed to portray the face of Khafre.
D. In the last 10,000 years the climate of Egypt has been so dry that even rains that are not heavy have been extremely infrequent.
E. The face of the Sphinx is small relative to the rest of the head, indicating that the face may have been recarved long after the Sphinx was built.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
166
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 161
Although initially symptomless, glaucoma can eventually cause blindness when not properly treated. Tests under laboratory conditions of the traditional treatment, daily administration of eyedrops, show it to be as effective in relieving the internal ocular pressure that causes glaucoma as is a new laser-surgical procedure. Yet glaucoma-related blindness occurs in a significantly smaller percentage of patients who have had the surgery than of patients for whom only the eyedrop treatment was prescribed.
Which of following, if true, most helps to explain the low rate glaucoma-related blindness among patients who had the surgery?
A. Glaucoma-related blindness is no more common among patients who have had only the surgery than it is among patients who had the surgery after using the eyedrops
B. Doctors rarely recommend the surgery for glaucoma patients who have already started the traditional course of treatment
C. There is no known physiological cause of glaucoma other than increase in pressure inside the eye
D. A significant percentage of the people for whom the eyedrop treatment has been prescribed fail to follow the prescribed daily regimen, because the eyedrops have unpleasant side effects. E. The eyedrops traditionally prescribed to treat glaucoma are normally prescribed to treat other disease of the eye.
Passage 162
In mountainous regions, the timberline is the highest altitude at which trees grow. In the Rocky Mountains, the current timberline is at the altitude above which growing season temperatures remain cooler than 10 degrees centigrade. Fossilized remains of trees that grew 10,000 years ago have been found 100 meters above the current Rocky Mountain timberline. Clearly, therefore, the climate of the Rocky Mountains is cooler now than it was 10,000 years ago.
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument relies?
A. In the past 10,000 years, the only trees to have grown above today's timberline are the trees whose fossilized remains been found.
B. No trees grew 10,000 years ago at altitudes higher than the ones at which fossilized tree remains have been found.
C. The fossils are not of species of trees that were able to tolerate cooler growing temperatures than are the species that currently grow near the timberline.
D. The Rocky Mountains have not eroded significantly over the past 10,000 years.
E. The climate of the Rocky Mountains has never been significantly warmer than during the lifetime of the trees whose fossilized remains have been found.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
167
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 163
Cotton grass, which grows only in arctic regions, has been the only summertime source of protein available to caribou. Caribou that do not get adequate amounts of protein in the summer are unable to reproduce the following year. Rising average temperatures in arctic regions, however, are causing cotton grass to disappear. Therefore, if the warming trend continues, caribou are likely to become extinct.
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?
A. cotton grass is the only one of the caribou’s food sources that is becoming scarce as temperatures rise in arctic regions.
B. caribou that do not eat enough protein to reproduce do not live as long as caribou that do C. The warming trend in arctic regions will not enable other plants capable of providing protein to caribou to grow there.
D. The caribou is the only animal that depends on cotton grass as a major source of food.
E. If the warming trend continues and cotton grass disappears from arctic regions, then cotton grass will be extinct.
Passage 164
Although the percentage of first graders in Almaria who were excellent readers varied little between 1995 and 2010, the percentage of first graders who had considerable difficulty reading their schoolbooks increased markedly during that period. This evidence strongly indicates that the average reading ability of first graders decreased between 1995 and 2010.
Which of the following, if true, provides the strongest additional support for the argument?
A. The number of hours devoted to reading activities in first-grade classrooms in Almaria did not vary significantly, on average, between 1995 and 2010.
B. The percentage of first graders in Almaria who had difficulty solving arithmetic problems did not increase as much between 1995 and 2010 as did the percentage of first graders who had reading difficulties.
C. The number of children in Almaria who were enrolled as first graders decreased steadily between 1995 and 2010.
D. The average difficulty of the schoolbooks used in first-grade classrooms in Almaria decreased between 1995 and 2010.
E. The average number of schoolbooks used in first-grade classrooms in Almaria increased between 1995 and 2010.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
168
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 165
The Minoan civilization flourished on the island of Crete around 2000 B.C. The discovery on Crete of large numbers of bronze implements and the furnaces used in their manufacture shows that the Minoans had a thriving bronze industry. Moreover, many bronze artifacts from this period that are similar in style to those produced on Crete have been found in southern Greece. Hence it is probable that, besides making bronzeware for domestic use, the Minoans exported bronzeware to southern Greece.
Which of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument given?
A. Copper and tin, the main ingredients of bronze, were present in Southern Greece.
B. No furnaces dating from the Minoan era and suitable for the manufacture of bronze implements have been found in southern Greece.
C. The Minoans exported a great deal of pottery, which was highly valued by other ancient civilizations.
D. The fuel needed for Minoan bronzeware furnaces was provided by a variety of local species of hardwood.
E. Some of the pieces of bronzeware found on Crete were non-Minoan in origin.
Passage 166
Although several ancient cultures practiced mummification, mummies from ancient Egypt are generally more well-preserved than mummies of similar antiquity from other cultures. One possible explanation for this difference is that the mummification techniques or material used by ancient Egyptians were better than those of other cultures. A second, more likely, explanation is that the extremely dry climate of ancient Egypt was largely responsible, given that dryness promotes the preservation of organic remains generally.
Which is the following provide the most support for the argument?
A. The materials used by ancient Egyptians for mummification were not used by any other ancient culture that practiced mummification
B. Some ancient Egyptian mummies are better preserved than other ancient Egyptian mummies form around the same time.
C. No ancient people living in very damp areas practiced mummification.
D. Bodies from ancient Egyptian tombs dating from before the practice of mummification began are almost as well preserved as ancient Egyptian mummies.
E. Ancient mummies discovered in places other than Egypt have typically not been as well protected from the elements as ancient Egyptian mummies were.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
169
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 167
The economy of Colonia has been in recession for the past eight years. Most companies that have not been forced into bankruptcy have survived thanks to the high efficiency of the employees they retained, which helped the companies control costs. In recent months, however, the Colonian economy has begun to recover, and companies are beginning to expand their workforces. Colonia, therefore, will soon experience a drop in average worker efficiency, since ______.
Which of the following, if true, most logically complete the argument?
A. people who have been employed throughout the recession will, no doubt, continue to be employed
B. Colonia is expected to begin importing more goods from other countries
C. most companies will find that few of the workers available for hiring are as efficient as those they retained during the recession.
D. during the recession, workers did not receive any raise in their pay.
E. many companies that were forced into bankruptcy in the past eight years had a fair number of efficient workers.
Passage 168
A hoard of coins recently unearthed at an ancient Carthagian site bear an image of a face in profile with what appears to be a large mole on the cheek. Pointing out that an artist would be unlikely to include such a specific detail in a generalized portrayal of a face, some archaeologists have concluded that these coins portray an actual individual rather than an idealized type. However, this conclusion is unwarranted, since ______.
Which of the following most logically completes the argument?
A. archaeologists cannot determine the actual identity of the individual portrayed just from the likeness that appears on the coins
B. it cannot be established with certainty that Carthagian artists were on the whole less skillful at portraying human face than artists of other cultures
C. none of the other designs of Carthagian coins that have been discovered features a face with a mole on it
D. in ancient times it was quite common for the money circulated in a city or country to include coins that originated in other jurisdictions.
E. the relatively soft metal used for Carthagian coin molds sometimes resulted in the production of series of coins with unintended bumps
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
170
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 169
People widely believed that the controlled use of fire originated 200,000 years ago with the human species Homo sapiens. However, a site containing a deposit, estimated to be nearly 500,000 years old, consisting of charcoal, burned animal bones, and charred rocks, has recently been found. Although homo sapiens did not exist at that time, this discovery provides no basis to the claim that the controlled use of fire preceded the Homo sapiens, since ______.
Which of the following most logically completes the passage?
A. the use of fire might have originated independently in several different parts of the world
B. it is possible that fire was used much earlier than 500,000 years ago
C. the charred rocks found in the deposit included several different kinds of stone, all of which are common in the immediate vicinity of the site
D. animal bones could have been discarded in a fire used for purposes such as protection or heat rather than for cooking
E. it is impossible to determine whether a charred deposit dating from so long ago resulted from a fire caused by lightening or from the purposeful use of fire
Passage 170
Because of strong overall stylistic similarities, prehistoric cave paintings in El Castillo, Spain and others in Altamira, Spain, were thought to date from the same period. Recent pigment analyses, however, established the Altamira paintings as by far the older and as about the same age as a third group of paintings done in a different overall style. Nevertheless, this case does not prove that stylistic similarities cannot be a reliable indicator of closeness in age, since _____.
Which of the following most logically completes the passage?
A. experts who knew the results of the pigment analyses reexamined these paintings and found no previously unnoticed stylistic similarities between the Altamira paintings and the paintings in the third group
B. there are certain stylistic features that the Altamira paintings share with all known paintings of their period and do not share with the El Castillo paintings
C. before dating by pigment analysis was widely practiced, stylistic similarities were the only means of determining whether two prehistoric cave paintings dated from the same period
D. determining the age of a prehistoric cave painting simply by reference to the age of the pigments used in that painting substitutes technology for artistic judgment
E. there are experts who maintain that the results of the recent pigment analyses leave the striking stylistic similarities between the El Castillo paintings and the Altamira paintings unexplained
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
171
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 passage 171
Members of the San, a hunter-gatherer society, have a diet far richer in fruits and vegetables and lower in salt than is typical in industrialized societies. They also differ from industrialized societies in that they have extremely low rates of high blood pressure and obesity. However, contrary to what some have claimed, if people in industrialized societies adopted the San’s diet, the incidence of high blood pressure and obesity in these societies might not be dramatically reduced, because _____.
Which of the following most logically completes the passage?
A. psychological stress, which can also cause high blood pressure, occurs in both industrialized and nonindustrialized societies
B. the San’s low-salt diet is due, not to preference, but to the limited availability of salt in their region
C. a few members of the San have been found to suffer from circulatory system ailments other than high blood pressure
D. members of the San are far more physically active than are most members of industrialized societies
E. not all individuals with high blood pressure are obese
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
172
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 172
This passage discusses Mionan buildings constructed during the Bronze Age on the Greek Island of Crete.
Although the term “Palace” is widely used and deeply ingrained in Minoan archaeology, Driesen has marked that term has been used to describe a number of quite different things and that there is no consensus on what the term signifies. The debate usually centers on the presumed functions of the building. Evans assumes that the building known as Places has several roles, including royal residences, administrative centers, economic centers, manufacturing centers, and cult centers. Over the years, each of those functions has been called into questions. For example, Schoep notes, “The use of the term Place carries with it a whole host of perhaps unhelpful baggage, which consciously or unconsciously encourages interpretation of the “Palace” as the residence of a royal elite, occupying supreme position within a hierarchical social and political structure”, she suggests using the more neutral term “court-centered building” instead. The problem, however, come not from the architectural label one applies, but from making unwarranted assumptions about how the Palaces were used. I use the word “Palaces” (capitalized to signal its arbitrariness) not to imply a range of functions but to refer to a group of buildings that share a set of formal elements.
1. Select a sentence in the passage that summarizes the author’s primary opposition to a particular approach taken by Minoan archaeologists.
2. The author would most likely agree with which of the following as response to Schoep’s argument for using a “more neutral term”?
A. The term that Schoep favors would exclude some sites that ought to be included in the category.
B. Given the profusion of terms that archaeologists have applied to the building that have been called Palaces, it is redundant to introduce another one.
C. If a new term is introduced, it should be based on the known functions of the buildings that have been called Palaces, rather than on theory formal architectural features.
D. It is possible to use the term “Palace” without being committed to the term’s functional implications.
E. It is not true that the buildings that have been called Palaces are the only evidence for a hierarchical social structure in Minoan society.
3. The author would most likely agree with which of the following statements about the use of the term “Palace” in Minoan archaeology?
A. It is useful largely as a matter of convention
B. It should be replaced by a more neutral term
C. It is the correct term for most of the Minoan buildings to which it has been applied. D. It has only recently become popular among archaeologists.
E. It has been used to describe buildings that are formally dissimilar to one another.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
173
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 173
Recently, researchers investigated the foraging profiles of bird species in two separate eucalyptus forests in Australia: Dryandra in Western Australia and the Southern Tablelands, roughly 3000 km west in New South Wales. Despite their geographical separation, there is a broad overlap in species between the two locations. However, at Dryandra, a much larger proportion of species (61 percent) than at the Southern Tablelands (34 percent) are ground foragers.
The high proportion of ground foragers in Dryandra might be explained by the openness of habitats there, that is, the absence of dense ground vegetation, and the lack of a continuous shrub layer. Ground foraging appears to be facilitated by an open habitat with area of bare ground. However, the researchers found that the Tablelands were also open with sparse to dense litter layers, abundant in woody debris, and had discontinuous or absent ground and shrub layers. Thus, differences in habitat structures between these areas and Dryandra cannot entirely explain the greater abundance of ground foragers in Dryandra.
The researchers offered several hypotheses to explain the difference. First, there may be important differences in habitat structure that are not revealed by casual observation. For example, differences in tree heights and canopy complexity may contribute to differences in species richness and foraging behavior among bark- and foliage-foraging birds. Second, despite structural similarities, it is possible that there are differences between habitats in the abundance or availability of litter and ground-dwelling prey. Such differences, if they exist, may indicate fundamental differences between eucalypt ecosystems in how and where energy and nutrients are cycled, as well as in overall productivity. Finally, the differences in foraging profiles between Dryandra and Tablelands may be the result of historical changes in bird species as a consequence of changed grazing and fire regimens, the impact of introduced predators, such as foxes and feral cats, and logging following European settlement. The greatest impact of these processes is on ground-foraging and ground-nesting birds. Dryandra has not been free of these changes, but the impact may have been less or more recent with the result that Dryandra may retain a more natural or complete bird diversity relative to the Tablelands.
1. Which of the following best describes the organization of the second paragraph?
A. A thesis is proposed and supporting examples are provided.
B. A thesis is presented, considered, and then rejected.
C. Opposing views are described and the evidence on which they are based is evaluated. D. An argument is described, rejected, and then an alternative is presented.
E. A hypothesis is presented, weighed, qualified, and then reaffirmed.
2. Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence in the context of the passage as a whole?
A. It reconciles two conflicting theories discussed earlier in the passage.
B. It provides an example of a general tendency described earlier in the passage.
C. It suggests the relevance of phenomena mentioned in the previous sentence. D. It provides support for a claim made in the first paragraph.
E. It provides evidence for a hypothesis discussed in the second paragraph.
3. The passage suggests which of the following about “canopy complexity”?
A. Decreased canopy complexity can lead to a greater abundance of ground foragers.
B. Increased canopy complexity usually helps in retaining a more natural bird diversity.
C. Increased canopy complexity is usually detrimental to ground-nesting species.
D. Differences in canopy complexity between two regions are not always obvious.
E. Differences in foraging behavior among foliage-foraging birds can lead to differences in canopy complexity.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
174
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 4. The author suggests which of the following about “foxes and feral cats”
A. They may have benefited from the logging that followed European settlement. B. They probably affect the overall productivity of the ecosystem
C. They feed primarily on ground-foraging birds.
D. They rarely, if ever, feed on tree-nesting birds.
E. They may have had a smaller impact on Dryandra than on the Tablelands.
Passage 174
Before 1970, children in the United States were commonly vaccinated against smallpox. In the early 1970s, large-scale vaccinations of children against smallpox were discontinued because smallpox had virtually disappeared from the world. Recently, some scientists have cautioned that the Unite States could be exposed to smallpox again. Contrary to what many people believe, this exposure would probably find all age-groups within the United States population at comparable levels of risk of contracting smallpox, since _____.
Which of the following most logically completes the passage?
A. smallpox is a highly communicable disease among people who are not immune to it
B. smallpox vaccine is not now widely available in the United States
C. the population of the United States has been growing more slowly since 1970 than it was before then
D. smallpox vaccinations lose their efficacy after about 20 years
E. people in the United States travel more than they did in 1970, thereby increasing the chances that an epidemic could spread
Passage 175
Madagascar’s Mahafale cattle raisers have incorporated the prickly pear cactus into their pastoral economy, which depends on assisting their cattle through the dry season, when grass and water are scarce. Rather than relying on nomadism in the pursuit of water and pasture for their livestock, they have turned to cactus to keep stock alive. This has influenced the cattle raisers’ way of life, particularly in terms of diet and mobility. Women harvest cactus for their families to eat. Male herders work cactus as a vegetable crop for cattle. For these benefits, pastoralists sow, prune, and shape prickly pear into living fences around their corrals. In doing so, these herders have become cactus cultivators, which has reduced their mobility.
1. Select the sentence in the passage that tells how the prickly pear has affected the Mahafale diet.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. Which of the following is mentioned in the passage as an affect of cactus cultivation on the Mahafale’s pastoralist way of life?
A. The Mahafale no longer need to help their cattle survive during the dry season.
B. The Mahafale have abandoned their pastoralist way of life.
C. The mobility of the Mahafale has been diminished.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
175
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 176
Catherine Stimpson calls for a reassessment of literary merit based on affective standards—on how literary works make readers feel—rather than on the aesthetic standards traditionally
used to define the canon, the body of literary works generally accepted as “great”. Stimpson advocates an alterative para canon for literary works, such as Louisa May Alcott’s Little Women, because she believes such works have been unjustifiably neglected by
unsympathetic scholars. According to Stimpson, a paracanonical work may or may not have literary value by traditional standards; rather, its worth consists in its “capacity to inspire love.” Elizabeth Barnes criticizes Stimpson’s approach as subjective and therefore uncritical “Although Stimpson never actually defines ‘love,’ she implies that a lovable work is one that so engages the reader that its worldview becomes inseparable from the reader’s own” (Stimpson acknowledges that the values reflected in Little Women may have subconsciously influenced her invention of the para canon). For Barnes ,the conflation of ethics and aesthetics implicit in Stimpson’s approach (in which “good ”can refer to something morally sound and/or above average in quality) demonstrates the ambiguity inherent in such concepts as goodness and love.
1. According to the passage, Stimpson advocated the creation of a paracanon because she A. found many of the works that were included in the canon to be uninspiring
B. rejected the ethical standards reflected in many canonical works
C. failed to convince other scholars that some of her favorite works should be added to the canon
D. felt that the values of some works has gone unrecognized by critics who are concerned only with traditional aesthetic standards
E. insisted on strict adherence to traditional standards for the evaluation of literature
2. The author of the passage mentions Louisa May Alcott’s Little Women primarily in order to provide an example of a work that
A. the author of the passage feels has been inappropriately excluded from the canon
B. the author of the passage and Stimpson agree is emotionally satisfying
C. Stimpson feels has not been sufficiently appreciated by scholars D. conforms to Barnes’s ethical and aesthetic standards
E. presents an ambiguous view of the concept of love
3. It can be inferred from the passage that Barnes would be most likely to agree with which of the following characterizations of Stimpson’s approach to assessing literary works?
A. It requires the application of more exacting standards than are traditionally employed
B. Its application would result in the exclusion from the para canon of most of the works included in the canon
C. It accords recognition to too large and diverse a body of literature
D. It involves the use of a criterion that is not rigorously defined
E. It results in evaluations that are more objective than those based on traditional aesthetic standards
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
176
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 177
Oscillatory swimming—the alternating of deep dives with forays toward the surface—is among the most common behaviors of large marine animals in the open ocean. The reason most often proposed for this behavior is to warm the body after heat loss during descent into cooler water. Tuna, mako sharks, and white sharks maintain an internal body temperature above that of the surrounding waters thereby improving their muscular efficiency and enabling them to swim with bursts of speed.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1. According to the passage, maintaining an internal body temperature above that of surrounding waters enables certain marine animals to
A. use their muscles with greater efficiency
B. swim faster than usual for short periods
C. alternate between deep diving and surface swimming
2. In the context in which it appears, “forays” most nearly means A. trips
B. attacks
C. attempts
D. adventures
E. encroachment
考满分All In One
考满分GRE阅读
177
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 178
For most of the twentieth century, scholars generally accepted the proposition that nations are enduring entities that predated the rise of modern nation-states and that provided the social and cultural foundations of the state. This perspective has certainly been applied to Korea; most historians have assumed that the Korean nation has existed since the dawn of historical time. In recent years, however, Western scholars have questioned the idea of the nation as an enduring entity. Both Gellner and Anderson have argued, in their studies of European, Latin American, and Southeast Asian cases, that the nation is strictly a modern phenomenon, a forging of a common sense of identity among previously disparate social groups through the propagandizing efforts of activities of the modern state. In short, it was the state that created the nation, not the other way around.
Younger Koreanists, with Em prominent among them, have begun to apply this approach to Korea. These scholars, noting the isolated nature of village life in premodern Korea and the sharp difference in regional dialects, suggest that ordinary villagers could not possibly have thought of themselves as fellow countrymen of villagers in other regions. These scholars also not the elites, conversely, often had outward-looking, universalistic orientations, as did aristocracies elsewhere, such as in premodern Europe. Finally, they observe that the very word for “nation” in Korean, minjok, is a neologism first employed by Japanese scholars as translation of the Western concept and that it was first appropriated by Korean activists in the early twentieth century. They argue, therefore, that a Korean “nation” came into being only after that time.
In short, in the case of Korea we have an argument between “primordialists”, who contend that nations are natural and universal units of history, and “modernists”, who assert that nations are historically contingent products of modernity. The positions of both groups seem problematic. It seems unlikely that in the seventh century the peoples of the warring states of Koguryo, Peakche, and Shilla all thought of themselves as members of a larger “Korean” collectivity. On the other hand, the inhabitants of the Korean peninsula had a much longer history —well over one thousand years—as a unified political collectivity than did the peoples studied by Gellner and Anderson. Not only does the remarkable endurance of the Korean state imply some sort of social and cultural basis for that unity, but the nature of the premodern Korean state as a centralized bureaucratic polity also suggests the possibility that the organizational activities of the state may have created a homogenous collectivity with a sense of shared identity much earlier than happened in the countries of western Europe that provide the model for “modernist” scholarship.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. evaluate two competing views regarding the origin of the Korean nation B. rebut a controversial perspective on the origin of the Korean nation
C. question the idea of the Korean nation as an enduring entity
D. consider the influence of the modernist positon on younger Koreanists E. explain some of the unique features of the Korean nation
2. Select the sentence in the third paragraph that provides some information that supports the position of younger Koreanists regarding the creation of the Korean nation.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
178
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 3. The author would probably agree with which of the following statements regarding the work of Gellner and of Anderson?
A. Neither Gellner’s nor Anderson’s work has had a significant influence on the study of the Korean nation.
B. Their argument that the nation is a strictly modern phenomenon does not hold in the case of Korea.
C. Both of them have downplayed the propagandizing efforts of Korean intellectuals as a means of forging a Korean identity.
D. Both of them have exaggerated the homogenizing impact of the state as a factor in the case of nations.
E. Both them have overestimated the extent to which disparate social groups find a common sense of identity through belonging to the same nation.
4. According to the author of the passage, a difference between Korea and the “European, Latin American, and Southeast Asian cases” has to do with
A. the extent of the differences among various regional dialects prior to the establishment of a national language
B. the number of disparate social groups that existed prior to the creation of a national identity C. when a nationally unified political entity came into existence
D. whether the bureaucratic state played a role in the creation of the nation
E. the extent to which the creation of the nation fostered significantly greater social and cultural unity
Passage 179
The pepper Capsicum chinense grows as a native wild plant only in South America. Birds swallow the pepper’s fruit whole, thereby providing the plant with its means of distributing seeds. Domesticated varieties of C.chinense grow in the Caribbean islands as well as in South America. Although it is unknown just when C.chinense was introduced into the islands, the introduction of the species was probably the result of human activity, because _____.
Which of the following most logically completes the argument?
A. the fruits of the domesticated varieties are too large for birds to swallow
B. C.chinense grows in the Caribbean islands under climatic conditions very similar to those under which the wild variety grows
C. the peppers are an important part of the Caribbean islands’ characteristic cooking
D. most of the plant species in the Caribbean islands originated is South America
E. many of the species of birds that are found in the Caribbean islands spend only the winter there
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
179
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 180
Data of modern and historic peasant communities suggest that individuals and communities specialize in ceramic production for trade primarily to offset subsistence shortfalls arising from inadequate or insufficient agricultural land. Harry investigated whether this correlation of ceramic specialization with agricultural marginality occurred among prehistoric inhabitants of the American Southwest. At Arizona’s West Branch site, occupied A. D. 900-1100, abundant pottery manufacturing materials suggest villagewide ceramic production in excess of that needed for household purposes.
1. The final sentence of the passage primarily serves to do which of following?
A. cite a particular factor that may have influence the decision to settle the West Branch site
B. identify a possible reason why the inhabitants of the West Branch site may have specialized in the manufacture of ceramics
C. suggest that inhabitants of the West Branch site may have had agricultural surpluses to use for trade with other settlements in the region
D. present evidence to support a claim that the West Branch site was not a pottery consuming settlement
E. cite one reason to doubt that the ceramic specialization at the West Branch site served to offset subsistence shortfalls
2. Replacement of the word “marginality” with which of the following words results in the least change meaning for the passage?
A. peculiarity
B. insignificant
C. nonconformity D. deficiency
E. futility
考满分All In One
考满分GRE阅读
180
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 181
Although Klezmer—a style of traditional Jewish folk music from Eastern Europe—grew from very diverse musical traditions, Roma(Gypsy), Greek, and Romanian elements eventually became so predominant that some scholars refused to recognized klezmer as a separate genre. If one listens closely, however, one can learn to distinguish the sound of a Klezmer interpretation from other related performance styles. Yiddish-speaking Jews routinely use several uniquely descriptive words to identify the sounds found in the Jewish approach to music. Krekht(Yiddish for “groan”)refers to a wailing sound reminiscent of weeping, tshok refers to a laugh-like instrumental sound; and a kneytsh is a sob-like “catch”. These and other elements typical of klezmer are also found in other forms of Jewish musical expression, including cantorial music.
1. Which of the following can be inferred from the passage about Roma, Greek, and Romanian music?
A. They are frequently difficult to distinguish from one another.
B. They have had a significant influence on klezmer music.
C. They were not recognized as separate genres by certain scholars. D. They contain elements analogous to the tshok.
E. They were ignored by Yiddish-speaking Jewish musicians.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. It can be inferred that the author would be likely to agree with the highlighted “some scholars” about whether
A. any traditions other than Roam, Greek and Romanian contributed to the development of klezmer
B. the degree of resemblance between klezmer and the Roma, Greek, and Romanian traditions is enough to preclude klezmer’s being a separate musical genre
C. such musical devices as the krekhts are found throughout Jewish musical expression
Passage 182
Samples taken from the ice of glaciers show that during the last ice age there was far more dust in the atmosphere than there is now. Since greater amounts of dust in the atmosphere would result in less sunlight’s reaching the Earth’s surface, it is likely that the large amount of dust then present helped maintain low global temperatures and thus prolonged the ice age.
Which of the following, if true, most seriously weaken the argument?
A. Large amount of dust in the atmosphere would tend to keep heat from the Sun that reached the Earth’s surface from escaping into outer space
B. The glacial samples show that during the period between the two most recent ice ages the level of atmospheric dust was far lower than it was during either of ice ages
C. Volcanic eruptions in the recent past have released sufficient dust to cause detectable changes in global temperature patterns
D. The amount of dust in the atmosphere was significantly greater in the middle of the last ice age than at the end
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
181
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 183
Climatologists observed in 1964 that a slow warming of the surface of the North Atlantic in the 1910s and 1920s could well have been driven by a surge of warm water up the Gulf Stream. This Atlantic warming accompanied a global warming that by the 1940s had produced the highest global temperatures to that point in the records. It was so warm that statistical techniques used in the 1990s to detect the “fingerprint” of greenhouse warming in climate records also show the 1940s having greenhouse warming. However, no one believes enough greenhouse gases had reached the atmosphere by then to cause much of a human-induced warming. That inconsistency has led greenhouse contrarians to claim that any recent warming could be natural rather than anthropogenic.
1. It can be inferred that the “contrarians” mentioned in the passage would agree with which of the
A. The extent of the global warming that occurred between the 1940s and the 1990s has been exaggerated by some climatologists.
B. Changes in global temperatures in the 1990s are a part of a trend that is distinct from any trend that may have existed in the 1910s and 1920s.
C. Recent changes in global temperature may not be the direct result of human activity.
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. Which of the following statements about the global warming observed in the 1940s is implied by the passage?
A. It was part of a climatic change that can be traced to the 1910s and 1920s.
B. Its cause was not apparent to climatologists until the 1990s.
C. It is doubtful that it was caused primarily by greenhouse gases produced by humans.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
182
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 184
The area of literary rights is confusing for scholars whose work focuses on collaborative materials particularly materials of earlier Native American writers. Questions arise over authorship and the determination of literary heirs. For example, recognition of heirs turns on the European-based assumption of the private ownership of a written statement. The first person to writer down an oral tale can become legally recognized as the owner of that version of the story, just as the first chemist to patent a tribal healing practice becomes the owner of the resulting chemical formula. This instance on private rather than collective ownership, derived from the nineteenth-century notion of the autonomous, creative, authorial voice, flies in the face of those who come from an oral tradition. Thus a scholar concerned with finding literary heirs in order to afford them the benefits of copyright laws must in so doing accede to legal concept of ownership that has been used to appropriate knowledge from community- based cultures.
1. The example of a chemical patent is used to illustrate a
A. legal mechanism by which community knowledge can be turned into private property B. technological development that goes beyond the scope of nineteenth-century science C. government action that creates a temporary form of intellectual property
D. kind of expression that exists only in written, rather than oral, form
E. way in which medical innovation can be rewarded
2. The author of the passage focuses on a contrast between
A. patents and copyrights as ways of protecting ownership
B. oral and written as means of artistic expression
C. literary heirs and authors of literary works as creative thinkers D. individual and collective ownership of cultural products
E. contemporary and nineteenth-century views of authorship
3. According to the passage, the notion of a literary heir depends on a presupposition that can be traced to
A. a confusion over the purposes of collaboration
B. a misunderstanding between people from different cultures
C. a nineteenth-century view of authors as creative individuals D. oral traditions that hand down knowledge through generations E. scholars who first recorded oral tales in written form
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
183
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 185
In Stanton the average number of people injured per automobile accident is consistently higher for accidents involving a taxicab than for those not involving a taxicab. Although all Stanton taxicabs are equipped with passenger seat belts, taxicab drivers reporter that passengers tend not to use them. It is likely, therefore, that if taxicab passengers were required to use seat belts, the number of people injured per accident would soon be no higher for taxicabs than for other automobiles.
Which of the following, if true about Stanton, most seriously weakens the argument?
A. The number of automobile accidents has been declining in recent years.
B. Since taxicabs are driven more miles annually than most other vehicles, they are more likely to be in an accident during any given year than is the average vehicle.
C. There are more taxicabs in operation, relative to the overall number of motor vehicles, than there are in most cities of Stanton’s size.
D. The number of people, including the driver, who occupy a vehicle is generally greater for taxicabs than for other vehicles.
E. Not all passengers in automobiles other than taxicabs use seat belts.
Passage 186
Growing grapes in greenhouses containing air enriched with carbon dioxide increases crop yields, an effect that is enhanced when the growing temperature is also raised several degrees. Although enclosed cultivation is impractical in vineyards, increases in yields from grape cultivation in the open can be expected because emissions from the burning of fossil fuels will almost certainly lead to an increase in the carbon dioxide content of atmospheric air over the next century.
Which of the following, if true, most weakens the argument?
A. When grapes are grown in greenhouses, it is relatively easy to control the grape pests that thrive in air enriched with carbon dioxide.
B. Recent improvements in pest control have increased grape yields in many vineyards.
C. Increasing carbon dioxide levels in greenhouses has not been shown to improve the quality of grapes grown in greenhouses.
D. Increasing carbon dioxide levels in greenhouses increases the sweetness of raisins made from grapes grown in the greenhouses.
E. As the carbon dioxide level in the open air increases, temperatures at the Earth's surface will also increase.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
184
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 187
One way to assess This is the American Earth, a collection of photographs selected and arranged by Nancy Newhall, is to apply Newshall's own criteria for judging photographic art. Does this photographic essay achieve results impossible in other media? By contrasting the small with the vast--for example, placing a photo of a rock pool next to one of a spiral galaxy-- Newhall exploits the camera's ability to manipulate the size of an object, thereby challenging viewers to question their conventional concepts of size. However, a similar result could be achieved in the medium of painting.
Does the work bear its creator's imprint, and does it draw viewers' interest even after repeated viewings, Newhall's second and third criteria? Indeed, Newhall's work bears her unmistakable imprint in the juxtaposition of the photos and in the rhythmic prose accompanying them, but the individual viewer must decide whether Newhall's work evokes, as it did for this reviewer, new experiences upon subsequent viewings.
1. According to the passage, which of the following is a way in which This is the American Earth satisfies Newhall's criteria for judging photographic art?
A. It takes advantage of on of the camera's unique abilities.
B. It leaves viewers with a particularly strong visual impression.
C. It contains elements identifying it as a particular person's work.
D. It consistently evokes an emotional response from viewers.
E. It successfully destroys an overemphasis on humans' concept of size.
2. According to the passage, one of the criteria Newhall uses in making judgments about photographic art is the degree to which the art
A. provides viewers with an experience what will encourage subsequent viewings
B. challenges viewers to question their preconceptions
C. evokes similar experiences for different viewers in different circumstances
D. achieve results that have not been realized by earlier works of photographic art E. produces results that can only be achieved in the medium of photography
Passage 188
Spiders of many species change color to resemble the color of the flowers they sit on. Many animals that prey on such spiders possess color discrimination so acute that they, unlike human beings, can readily see the spiders despite the seeming camouflage. It is unlikely, therefore, that the spiders' color changes confer significant survival benefit on these spiders.
Which of the following would it be most useful to determine in order to evaluate the argument? A. Whether the spiders' own ability to discriminate color-camouflaged species is as acute as that of their predators
B. Whether the spiders have a color that could properly be regarded as their natural color
C. Whether the spiders' color-changes allow them to remain undetected by prey
D. Whether different species of color-changing spiders tend to favor different species of flower E. Whether the color-changing spiders prey on any insects that themselves change color
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
185
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 189
Most feminist labor historians believe that the emergence and rapid general adoption of industrial unionism in the late 1930s was essential for the success of efforts to organize large numbers of women workers into unions. They argue that industrial unionism's commitment to recruiting unskilled workers and its abandonment of racial and gender exclusiveness was more attractive to women workers (who, according to these scholars, were largely unskilled) than was the earlier exclusionary craft-union model. The successful organization of women garment workers in the 1910s does not undermine this dominant view, since the garment unions welcomed women workers of every skill level, prefiguring the industrial form of unionism.
According to the author, the successful organization of women garment workers is consistent with the dominant view of women labor history because
A. garment unions concentrated their recruitment efforts exclusively on attracting unskilled workers as members
B. those women garment workers who joined the garment unions were not as skilled as those who refused to join
C. garment unions accepted both skilled and unskilled workers as members
D. garment unions lacked exclusionary racial rules as well as rules barring unskilled workers E. most garment workers were relatively skilled craft workers rather than unskilled workers
Passage 190
The United States Civil Rights movement, which began in the 1950s and gained momentum in the 1960s and 1970s, owed a heavy debt to African American newspapers. This is not to suggest that the African American press caused the Civil Rights era. But its continual push from 191 to 1950 or more African American rights, using a compelling form of advocacy journalism rather than the standard objective newspaper style, allowed those who in the 1950s began pushing nationally for equality to start at a far higher level than if the African American press had not existed. This point has largely been missed by many Americans, who seen to believe the Civil Rights era erupted from a standstill like a dormant geyser. But that is not how history occurs.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. challenge a particular scholarly argument
B. identify the cause of a historical development C. present a summary of a long-standing debate D. explain the origins of a flawed theory
E. correct a commonly held misconception
2. According to the passage, African American newspapers contributed to the Civil Rights movement primarily by
A. exposing bias in supposedly objective newspaper accounts
B. connecting the movement's leaders with local communities
C. providing a platform for leaders to be heard by a wide audience D. laying the groundwork for a later national effort
E. building momentum for efforts that were already in progress
 
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
186
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 191
Except in special situations, human beings' battle with mosquitoes will not be won by a simple campaign to eliminate the insects. Social tradition and habits, it seems, do much to ensure continual contact between mosquitoes and people. On the slopes of Mount Kilimanjaro, for example, mosquitoes breed in the leaf axils of a plant called dracaena. Although dracaena is not a food plant for humans, its use as a hedge or boundary marker is is deeply rooted in tradition. Here, as in other parts of the world, human behavior ensures contact and conflict between people and mosquitoes.
I am not advocating a policy of live and let live; we already know that living with mosquitoes is very unpleasant. But until we accomplish the difficult task of understanding how our habits often perpetuate--even create--our problems, efforts to resolve our battle with mosquitoes will probably fail.
1. The passage is primarily concerned with
A. discussing shortsighted proposals to eliminate problems with mosquitoes
B. outlining ways in which people can alleviate the problems caused by mosquitoes C. arguing that social traditions can perpetuate people's problems with mosquitoes D. discussing various ways in which people come into contact with mosquitoes
E. suggesting how the breeding habits of mosquitoes create problems for people
2. Which of the following best describes the organization of the passage?
A. A hypothesis is presented, weighed, and qualified, and then the modified hypothesis is reaffirmed.
B. An argument is advanced, then it is refuted, and an alternative is suggested.
C. A claim is made, a supporting example is provided, and then a conclusion is offered.
D. Opposing views are presented, evaluated and then reconciled.
E. A problem is identified, a solution is proposed, and potential difficulties with the solution are raised
3. Select a sentence in which a potential misinterpretation of the author's position is addressed.
 
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
187
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 192
In an experiment, a group of pregnant mice were each given food containing minute doses of the hormone BPA. A control group of pregnant mice were given no BPA. Offspring of mothers that had been given BPA were 10 percent bigger when weaned from their mothers than were offspring of mothers in the control group. Clearly, this result supports the hypothesis that the physical development of mice is significantly affected by prenatal exposure to BPA.
Which of the following is an assumption on which the argument depends?
A. Prenatal exposure of mice to doses of BPA even smaller than those used in the experiment would not have significantly affected the physical development of the mice.
B. At birth, there was no difference in size between offspring of mothers that had been given BPA and offspring of mothers in the control group.
C. Postnatal exposure of mice to BPA before the mice are weaned has significant effects on the physical development of the mice.
D. Exposure of a pregnant mouse to the doses of BPA used in the experiment does not significantly enhance its ability nurse its offspring.
E. Significant differences in size between offspring of mothers that had been given BPA and offspring of mothers in the control group persisted long after the offspring were weaned
Passage 193
In 1995, after an absence of nearly 70 years, wolves were reintroduced into Yellowstone National Park. During the wolf-free era, heavy browsing of aspen trees by elk populations spelled doom not only fro trees themselves but for a host of other creatures dependent on them, such as beavers, whose population in Yellowstone crashed after wolves were removed. Without beavers to create ponds, wetland ecosystems--aquatic plants, amphibians, birds-- were devastated. When wolves returned, grazers and browsers resumed normal patterns of behaviors, preferring safer, open areas over the dense cover and streamsides where carnivores can lurk. Keeping elk wary and on the move, wolves gave aspen and other young trees the opportunity to grow and become reestablished.
1. The passage asserts which of the following about beaver populations in Yellowstone? A. They have rebounded since the reintroduction of wolves.
B. They were adversely affected by the feeding habits of elk population.
C. They increased during the period when wolves disappeared from the park.
D. They have historically had an adverse effect on the park's wetland ecosystems. E. They are essential to the health of the park's aspen trees.
2. The author would most likely agree with which of the following claims about the reintroduction of wolves to Yellowstone?
A. It indirectly harmed some of the park's amphibian habitats
B. It reduced the number of elk feeding along streamsides
C. It led to greater species diversity among the park's grazers and browsers.
D. It significantly increased competition for food among the park's carnivores.
E. It fostered the resurgence of tree species that once flourished in the park's open areas.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
188
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 194
Unlike herbivores and omnivores, predators have traditionally been thought not to balance nutrient intake because of the assumption that animal tissue as a food source varies little and is nutritionally balanced. But chemical analysis of invertebrate prey reveals remarkable variation in nutrient composition among species; even within species, nutrient composition may vary considerably. Greenstone suggested that predators may select food items according to their nutrient contents. Jensen et al (2011) have shown experimentally that even sit-and- wait invertebrate predators with limited mobility can work to address nutrient deficiencies. The wolf spider, for instance, has been shown to regulate nutrient intake by extracting more dry mass from a prey item if it contains a higher proportion of a nutrient that was deficient in the previous prey.
1. The passage supplies information for answering which of the following questions?
A. Do invertebrate predators with full mobility address nutrient needs in the same fashion as sit-and-wait invertebrate predators with limited mobility?
B. Why would there be a considerable variation in nutrient composition within prey of a given species?
C. Is all of the nutrient content of invertebrate prey contained in the dry mass?
D. What would a wolf spider do if a fly it was eating contained a higher proportion of a certain nutrient than was present in the spider’s recent prey?
E. How is a wolf spider able to determine that some prey it is eating contains a higher proportion of a nutrient that was deficient in the previous prey?
2. Which of the following best describes the organization of the passage as a whole? A. A phenomenon is described, and an interpretation is offered.
B. A claim is made, and the corroborating evidence is evaluated.
C. A hypothesis is presented and undermined by recent findings.
D. A contrast is noted and shown to be specious based on recent findings.
E. A series of assumptions is presented and shown to be based on sound reasoning.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
189
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 195
Wild Diana monkeys are preyed upon by leopards and chimpanzees. These two predators differ in their hunting tactics and Diana monkeys use two distinct antipredator strategies to defend themselves. After detecting a leopard, Diana monkeys respond by giving loud, conspicuous alarm calls that function both to warn others and to signal to the predator that it has been detected Leopards tend to leave the area once they have been discovered. In contrast, upon detecting a chimpanzee, male Diana monkeys do not vocalize at all, while females give only a few quiet alarm calls and flee quickly to hide in the forest canopy, chimpanzees have sophisticated climbing skills that would allow them to pursue monkeys, even in the high strata of the forest canopy.
Choosing an antipredator strategy appropriate to chimpanzees is complicated for Diana monkeys by the fact that chimpanzees themselves also fall prey to leopards. When encountering a leopard, chimpanzees give loud, conspicuous alarm calls. To escape successfully from leopards and chimpanzees, therefore, Diana monkeys must distinguish between, and respond differently to, chimpanzees alarm calls and chimpanzee vocalizations simply signal the presence of a leopard and should elicit the monkeys’ loud, conspicuous alarm calls.
To investigate Diana monkeys’ understanding of such cause-effect relationships involving predators, Zuberbuhler examined the monkeys’ responses to chimpanzee vocalizations in two different types of experiments. In the first, he played tape recording of either chimpanzees’ alarm calls or their social vocalizations and noted the monkeys’ responses. Diana monkeys differed in their response to chimpanzees’ alarm calls. In some groups, monkeys behaved as if they recognized that these alarm calls signaled the potential presence of a leopard: they responded to chimpanzees’ leopard alarm calls by giving leopard alarm calls themselves, in contrast to their normal response to the presence of chimpanzees. Groups of monkeys living in the core area of the resident chimpanzee community were more likely to behave in this way than were peripheral groups.
In the second set of experiments, Zuberbuhler played leopard growls to Diana monkeys shortly after exposing them to recording of either chimpanzees’ alarm calls or their social vocalizations. After first hearing chimpanzees’ alarm calls, some monkeys failed to respond to the subsequent recording of leopard growls, even though this stimulus normally elicited a strong vocal response. These monkeys behaved exactly like the Diana monkeys in a comparison group, who also gave many leopard alarm calls to an initial recording of leopard growls but no longer called to the second recording of leopard growls five minutes later. This similarity in behavior suggests that these monkeys had some knowledge of the causal factors underlying the production of chimpanzees’ alarm calls.
1. According to the passage, the behavior of male and female Diana monkeys differs in that female Diana monkeys
A. give alarm calls upon detecting a chimpanzee
B. hide in the forest canopy upon detecting a leopard
C. give loud alarm calls in response to chimpanzees’ alarm calls
D. give loud, conspicuous alarm calls upon detecting a leopard
E. respond differently to the presence of leopards than they do to the presence of chimpanzees
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
190
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 2. It can be inferred that the purpose of the highlighted “loud, conspicuous alarm calls” is in part to
A. cause the chimpanzees to leave the areas
B. warn other monkeys of the presence of the chimpanzees
C. enable chimpanzees to flee quietly from the leopard
D. signal to the chimpanzees that they have been detected
E. signal to the leopard that it has been detected by the monkeys
3. The author mentions the “sophisticated climbing skills” of chimpanzees most likely in order to present information that helps to
A. explain why chimpanzees are less vulnerable to predation by leopards than are Diana monkeys
B. question the hypothesis that Diana monkeys hide in the forest canopy to defend themselves from chimpanzees
C. argue that the antipredator strategies Diana monkeys use to defend themselves against chimpanzees
D. suggest a possible reason for chimpanzees’ and Diana monkeys’ use of similar antipredator strategies to defend themselves against leopards
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
191
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 196
Matisse's art, with its spectacular immediacy and its mysterious depths, poses confounding problems for analysis. When Hilary Spurling writes of The Piano Lesson that “the picture can not be confined to any single source or meaning,” she might be writing of any of Matisse’s works. Picasso’s themes, with their collage of traditional signs and symbols, are far more susceptible to conventional iconographic analysis than anything in Matisse. Similarly, the cubism of Picasso and Braque, while rejecting traditional perspective, can nevertheless be studied as an inversion of traditional norms, using the same tools that one uses to study those norms. But the solutions that Matisse arrives at are always idiosyncratic and tend to be unrelated to any system of ideas. Intuition is his only system.
1. The passage suggests which of the following about Braque’s cubism?
A. It lends itself more readily to systematic analysis than does Matisse’s work. B. It is more radical in terms of form than most paintings by Matisse.
C. It was influenced by Matisse’s idiosyncratic and intuitive approach.
D. It can not be confined to any single source or meaning.
E. It is overly dependent on traditional signs and symbols.
For the following question, consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. The passage identifies which of the following as a reason that Matisse’s art can confound analysis?
A. Traditional analytical tools are not well suited to Matisse’s art.
B. Matisse's art is marked by a freedom from systematic influence.
C. The norms that Picasso and Braque rejected were not ones that Matisse rejected.
考满分All In One 考满分GRE阅读
192
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 197
Attempts to identify New Guinea’s hunter-gatherers face the well-known difficulty of defining what constitutes a hunter-gatherer group. According to the common definition, hunter- gatherers are those who subsist by hunting wild animals and gathering wild plants. Yet those who subsist by hunting wild animals and gathering wild issue of what constitutes “wild” The very presence on a landscape of humans who are consumers affects food resources, blurring the lines between wild and domesticated and, hence, between hunting and pastoralism and between gathering and cultivation. Moreover, it is unclear how groups should be classified that are hunter-gatherers in their procurement strategies but that make use of pastoralism and cultivation in their consumption patterns---subsisting, for example, by trading wild foods to neighbors in return for domesticated crops.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. suggest that there are not as many hunter-gatherers in New Guinea as is commonly thought
B. explain why identifying New Guinea’s hunter-gatherers is not a straightforward process C. point to certain difficulties in establishing what constitutes a wild plant and a wild animal D. establish new, more relevant criteria for what constitutes a hunter-gatherer group
E. discuss the implications of an inappropriate definition of pastoralism
2. Replacement of the word “common” with which of the following results in the least change in meaning to the passage?
A. trite
B. mutual
C. unexceptional D. collective
E. conventional
考满分All In One
考满分GRE阅读
193
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 198
Only since the late 1960s have literary scholars attempted to establish an accurate and systematic literary history of women novelists. Many previous histories suffered from “Great Traditionalism,” an approach that, by limiting itself to a group of women writers termed “great,” ignored the diversity among women novelists. These histories excluded the minor novelists, who are the links in the chain that binds literary generations together, and who allow us to see the continuities in women’s writing. Given the distortions produced by this concentration on “great” writers, as well as the obviously problematic tendency of many literary scholars to apply stereotypes of femininity, it was not surprising that some literary scholars in the early 1960s evaded the important issue of women’s sexual identity entirely, focusing instead on the form and style of women’s writing. Such an approach, while insightful and very valuable, did not consider the crucial connections between women’s writing and changes in their legal and economic status.
1. According to the passage, some literary scholars in the early 1960s tended to do which of the following in their considerations of women novelists’ works?
A. attack the traditional distinction between “great” women novelists and those women novelists considered less important
B. consider sexual identity when evaluating the works of “great” women novelists but not the works of minor women novelists
C. ignore the issue of the sexual identity of women novelists altogether
D. address issues of form and style more frequently when discussing “great” women novelists than when discussing minor women novelists
E. apply more stringent stylistic standards when evaluating minor women writers than when evaluating the group of women writers traditionally termed “great”
2. Information in the passage suggests that literary histories that adhere to “Great Traditionalism” have which of the following flaws?
A. They overemphasize the issue of sexual identity in women’s writing.
B. They overemphasize the degree of continuity between literary generations.
C. They do not help to explain the connections between different generations of women novelists.
D. They denigrate the achievements of “great” female novelists in comparison with those of male novelists.
E. They do not incorporate the insights of literary histories produced before the late 1960s.
3. The attitude of the author of the passage toward the approach taken toward women novelists by “some literary scholars in the early 1960s” can best be described as
A. disinterested and aloof
B. condescending and dismissive
C. respectful but critical D. favorable but brusque E. interested but puzzled
考满分All In One
考满分GRE阅读
194
􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄

 Passage 199
The accepted model of planetary formation holds that Jupiter-sized planets could only form in orbits much farther from their parent star than Earth is from the Sun. Recently, astronomers have detected planets, though as large a Jupiter, have orbits around stars older than the Sun that are much closer to those stars than Earth’s orbit is to the Sun. Nonetheless, most astronomers continue to regard the accepted model as correct.
Which of the following, if true, provides astronomers with the strongest for continuing to regard the accepted model of planetary formation as correct, despite the new discoveries?
A. The instruments used to detect planets orbiting other stars are incapable of detecting planets that are smaller than Jupiter.
B. Only a small fraction of the stars likely to have planets have been examined so far
C. After being formed, planets as small as Earth might be attracted to large planets, eventually becoming their satellites.
D. There is no known reason why older stars would tend to be more likely than younger stars to have planets
E. Planets tend to drawn into closer orbits of their parent star as time passes.
Passage 200
What causes size variation in bumblebee workers? In pollen storing species larvae develop in individual nest cells and are fed directly by adults. Thus, adults probably determine the size attained by each larva. Bumblebee larval cells are not as neatly organized as are those of honeybees, and larvae at the periphery of the brood may receive less care than a ten-fold variation in worker mass results from the accidental neglect of some larvae. Given that larvae are reared in a controlled environment by specialized nest workers, it seems more likely that this size variation has an adaptive function and that the colonies benefit from rearing workers of a range of sizes.
1. It can be inferred that the author of the passage considers the variation in size of bumblebee workers to be
A. serendipitous
B. unpredictable
C. inconsequential D. advantageous E. unfortunate
2. In the context in which it appears, “determine” most nearly means A. order
B. discover
C. control
D. decipher E. terminate

􏰇􏰇􏰀􏰂􏰅􏰅􏰃􏰆􏰅􏰁􏰅􏰂􏰄
